a	a
Aaron	Aaron
Aaronë	Aaron
Aaroni	Aaron
Aaronin	Aaron's
Aaroninë	Aaron's
Aaronit	Aaron
Aba	Aba
Abaddon	Abaddon
Abadon	Abadon
Abadoni	Abaddon
Abagthan	Abagthan
Abanahu	Eighteen
abanoz	ebony
Abarim	Abarim
abarimëve	Abarim
Abarimi	Abarim
Abarimit	Abarimit
Abba	Abba
Abda	Abda
Abdas	Porto
Abdeeli	Abdeli
Abdelit	Abdelit
Abdi	My
Abdia	Abdia
Abdian	Abdian
Abdias	Abdias
Abdielit	Abdiel
Abdiu	Abdi
Abdiut	Abdiut
Abdoni	Abdoni
Abdonin	Abdon
Abdonit	Abdon
Abed	Abed
Abel	Abel
Abeli	Abel
Abelin	Abelin
Abelit	Abel
Abessallomit	Abessallomit
Abets	Abets
Abi	Abi
Abia	only
Abiah	Abijah
Abias	Abijah
Abiasafi	Abiasafi
Abiatari	Abiathar
Abiathar	Abiathar
Abiathari	Abiathar
Abiatharin	Abiatharin
Abiatharit	Abiatharit
Abiathsarit	Abiathsarit
Abib	Abib
abibit	will go away
Abidahu	Abidahu
Abidan	Abidan
Abidani	Abedani
Abidanit	Abidan
Abieli	Abieli
Abielit	Abielit
Abietharit	Abietharit
Abiezeri	Abiezer
Abiezerin	Abiezerin
Abiezerit	Abiezer
abiezeritët	Abiezer
abiezeritëve	Abiezrites
abiezeritit	abject
Abigail	Abigail
Abigaili	Abigail
Abigailin	Abigail's
Abigailit	Abigailit
Abihail	Abihail
Abihailit	Abihailit
Abihajlit	Abihail
Abihu	Abihu
Abihudi	Abhiddhi
Abihun	Abihun
Abihunë	Abihu
Abihuri	The people
Abijah	Abijah
Abijahu	Abijah
Abijahun	Abijahun
Abijahut	Abijah
Abijami	Abijam
Abijamin	Abijamin
Abijamit	Abijamit
Abilenës	Abilene
Abilenësë	Abilene
Abimaeli	Abimaeli
Abimelehu	Abimelech
Abimelek	ABIMELECH
Abimeleku	Abimelech
Abimelekun	Abimelech
Abimelekut	Abimelech
Abimellehut	Abimelech
Abinabadi	Abinabadi
Abinabadit	Abinabad
Abinadabi	Abinadab
Abinadabin	Abinadabin
Abinadabit	Abinadab
Abinadadit	Abinadadit
Abinoamit	Abinoamit
Abiram	Aviram
Abirami	Abirami
Abiramin	Abiramin
Abiramit	Abiramit
Abisë	Abyss
Abishag	Abishag
Abishagin	Abishagin
Abishai	Abishai
Abishait	Abishait
Abishalomit	Abishalomit
Abishua	Abishua
Abishuas	Abishuas
Abishuri	Abishuri
Abishurit	Abishurit
Abitali	Abital
Abitalit	Abitalit
Abitubi	Abitubi
Abiu	Abiu
Abiudi	Abiud
Abiudit	Abiud
Abiut	Abiut
Abner	Abner
Abneri	Abner
Abnerin	Abnerin
Abnerit	Abnerit
Abolibamaha	Abolimbahaha
Abolibamahënë	Abolition of the moon
Abolibamahësë	Abolibamahes
Abraham	Abraham
Abrahami	ABRAHAM
Abrahamin	Abraham
Abrahaminë	Abrahamic
Abrahamit	ABRAHAM
Abrahun	Abraham
Abram	Abram
Abrami	Abram
Abramin	Abram
Abramit	Abram
Abronah	Abronah
Abronahu	Abronah
Absalom	Absalom
Absalomi	Absalom
Absalomin	Absalom
Absalomit	Absalomite
abuzimet	Abuses
abuzonin	abusing
abysësë	abyss
abyss	abyss
abyssa	abyss
abyssat	abyssat
abyssate	abyssate
abyssatë	abyss
abyssavet	abyssavet
abyssë	abyss
abyssënë	abyss
abysset	abyss
abyssit	abyss
acarim	irritation
acarime	Exacerbation
acarimi	irritation
acarimnë	irritation
acarohej	grieved
acarohet	fester
acarta	acarta
acaruan	irritated
acërim	hardening
acërimin	hardening
Ada	There is
Adadahu	There is no doubt
Adaha	Sheep
Adahënë	Adaha
Adahësë	Adahesha
Adajahu	Adajahu
Adajahut	Hadaia
Adalian	Adalian
Adam	Adam
Adamahu	Adam
Adami	Adami
Adamin	The man
Adaminë	Adamina
Adamit	Adam
Adani	Adani
Adar	Adar
Adari	Leader
adarit	adarit
Adbeeli	Adbeeli
Addiut	Addiut
Adën	Adah
Adës	Adah
adet	piece
adete	custom
adetetë	adept
adetevet	quantityyes
adeti	custom
adetnë	custom
adha	adha
Adhaha	Adhaha
Adhahë	Adhaha
Adham	Adam
Adhama	Adham
Adhamait	Adhamat
Adhamasë	Adhamas
Adhami	Adham
Adhamit	Adham
Adhamnë	Adhamna
Adhdhiut	Adieu
adhë	aha
Adhi	Adhi
adhiko	adhikari
adhiqi	I am fine
adhiqia	the herd
adhiqie	correct
adhiqiera	adhered
adhiqis	I am fine
adhiqisë	congregation
adhiqit	sheep
Adhorami	Adored
Adhramiti	Adhramit
Adhriasë	Adria
adhurëtorët	the worshippers
adhurim	worship
adhurime	worship
adhurimi	wORSHIP
adhurimin	worship
adhurimit	adoration
adhuro	WORSHIP
adhurofsh	worship
adhuroftë	may he worship
adhurohej	worshiped
adhuroi	worshiped
adhuroishinë	worship
adhuroj	worship
adhuroje	worship
adhurojë	worship
adhurojën	worship
adhurojënë	worship
adhurojeni	worship
adhurojinë	worship
adhurojm	worship
adhurojmë	worship
adhurojnë	worship
adhurojsh	worship
adhuron	Worships
adhuroni	worship
adhuronin	worship
adhuronj	I worship
adhuronjë	worship
adhuronjënë	worshiper
adhuronte	worship
adhurova	worshiped
adhuruan	worshiped
adhuruanë	worshipers
adhuruar	WORSHIP
adhuruem	adored
adhuruen	worship
adhuruenë	worshipped
adhurues	worshiper
adhuruesit	Just Others
adhuruesve	worshipers
Adieli	Adieli
Adielit	Adiels
Adina	Age
Adini	Ordinary
Adinit	Adinit
Adino	Forgotten
Adinorami	Adinors
Adit	Adit
Adithaimi	Adithaimi
Adiut	Help
Adlait	Adlait
Admahësë	Admahes
Admahu	Admahu
Admahut	Adama
Admatha	Admatha
Admës	Admah
administratës	administration
administrator	administrator
administratorë	administrators
administratorët	administrators
administratori	administrators
administratorin	administrator
administratorit	administrator
administrimi	MANAGEMENT
administrimin	administration
administrimit	MAnAgeMenT
administrohet	MANAGED
administrojë	administer
administrojmë	administer
administroni	to administer
administronin	administer
administronte	administer
administruar	ADMINISTERED
administrues	managing
Adminit	Increases
admirojmë	admire
admirojnë	admire
admironi	admire
admirova	admirova
admiruar	admired
admirueshëm	admirable
Adna	Adna
Adnahu	Adnahu
Adnai	Adnai
Adoni	Adoni
Adonijah	Adonijah
Adonijahu	Adonijah
Adonijahun	Adonijah
Adonijahut	Adonijah
Adonikamit	Adonicam
Adonirami	Adonirami
Adoraimin	Adoraimin
Adorami	I love it
Adoramin	I love it
Adramalek	Adramal
Adramelehu	Adrammelech
Adrameleku	Adramelech
Adramelekut	Adrammelech
Adramiti	Adramyttium
Adramitiishte	Adramiti
Adramitit	Adramitite
Adramyttiane	Adramyttium
Adria	Adria
Adriatik	Adriatic
Adriel	Adriel
Adrielit	Adrielit
Adulami	Adullam
Adulamin	Adulamin
Adulamit	He flatters.
adulamitit	flatters
Adullam	It's just Adullam
Adullami	Adullam
Adullamit	Adullam
Adullamiti	Adullamite
Adullamitit	Adullamite
Adumimit	He takes it.
Adumumit	Adumutim
Aermonit	Aermonite
Aeto	Eagle
Aetoit	Aetolian
afaresitët	Apharsites
afarsathkitët	Tarpelites
afarsekitët	the officials
afat	TERM
afate	DEADLINES
afati	DEADLINE
afatit	deadline
Afek	Affect
Afekahu	Messenger
Afekun	Fuck you
Afekut	Aphek
afër	CLOSER
afëra	close
afërë	close
afërëmi	proximity
afërëmin	relative
afërëmit	relatives
afërëvet	relatives
afëri	affinities
Aferim	Well done.
afërinë	proximity
afëritë	The similarities
afërm	relative
afërme	Near
afërmi	NEIGHBOR
afërmin	NEIGHBOR
afërminë	proximity
afërmit	relatives
afërmitë	, relatives
afërmja	relative
afërmve	relatives
afëro	I will ask.
afëroheshinë	were getting closer
afërohet	approaches
afëroi	ស្រានក្រាន
afërojë	get closer
afërojënë	near the river
afëronej	neighbor
afëronem	I am a virgin.
afëronemi	keronemi
afëronenë	near-native
afëronetë	neighbor
afëroni	kerone
afëronte	you will be fine
afërou	afërou
afërsi	NEARBY
afërsia	proximity
afërsisht	roughly
afërsitë	affinities
afërt	near
afërta	RELATED
afërtë	close in
afërti	closely
afërtit	the closest
afërua	I got close.
afëruaçë	close-up
afëruanë	they are close
afëruarë	close
afëruatë	neighbor
afërue	please
afëruem	I will
afëruenë	close
Afiahut	Aphiah
Afikut	Aphik
aforizma	Quotes
aformi	aform
aformí	aform
aformiet	design
aformin	aformin
Afrah	Afra
afrëvet	close
afria	affinity
afrie	afrie
afrikano	African
Afrikës	Africa
Afrimi	Approaching
afro	afro
afrohej	approaching
afrohem	approach
afrohemi	approach
afrohen	approaching
afrohenë	approaching
afrohesh	approach
afrohesha	near to
afroheshin	approaching
afrohet	approaches
afrohetë	approaching
afrohi	afrohi
afrohu	Come here
afrohuni	Come here
afroi	brought
afroj	close up
Afroje	In Africa
afrojë	bring
Afroju	Afro
afrojuni	afrojuni
afron	It provides
afronei	afro
afronemi	let's approach
afronenë	close to home
afronesh	approach
afroneshin	were approaching
afroneshinë	Afro-American
afronet	afronet
afronetë	Afronet
afroni	near
afronte	face
Afronu	Afron
afrosh	afrosh
afrova	I approached
afrove	afrove
afru	walked past
afrua	approached
afruan	near
afruanë	approached
afruar	APPROACHING
afruarë	close
afruash	afruash
afruashë	I approached.
afruat	near
afruatë	close
afrue	approached
afruem	enjoy
afruen	snot
afruenë	approaching
afruetë	afroeta
afrumë	close
afrun	savings
afsh	HFA
afshi	ardor
afshin	heat
aft	aft
afta	capable
aftë	FIT
aftësi	SKILLS
aftësia	ability
aftësinë	CAPACITY
aftësisë	Capability
aftësish	skills
Agab	Materials
Agabo	Agabus
agagitit	agagitit
Agagu	Agag
Agagun	Agagun
Agait	Haggai
agapitë	agape
Agar	So that
Agara	Went
Agarë	Ha'gar
Agarënë	Hagar
Agarës	Hagar
Agarësë	Agares
Agari	Agar
Agarianëtë	The Agarians
Agarin	Agarin
Agarit	Agarit
agat	you
agatë	agate
agatësh	agate
Agavo	Agave
Agborin	Singer
Agesë	AGES
agim	MIGA
agimi	dawn
agimin	dawn
agimit	dawn
agjërim	fast
agjërime	fasts
agjërimi	fasting
agjërimin	fasting
agjërimit	fasting
agjëroç	fasting
agjëroi	fasted
agjëroijnë	they fast
agjëroj	fast
agjëroja	fasted
agjërojë	fast
agjërojëmë	fast me
agjërojënë	fasting
agjërojmë	fast
agjërojnë	fast
agjëron	fasts
agjëroni	fast
agjëronin	fasted
agjërosh	fasting
agjërova	fasted
agjëruam	fasted
agjëruan	fasted
agjëruanë	they fasted
agjëruar	fasted
agjëruarë	fasting
agjinim	assembly
agjinime	dawns
agjinimi	dawn
agjinimit	dawn
agjinoi	agin
Agjinoj	Agin
agjinojinë	celery
agjinojmë	we are dreaming
agjinojnë	they begin
agjinojsh	agin
agjinon	dawn
agjinoni	start
agjinuem	we are old
agjinuen	they are young
agjinumë	aginuma
agjinushim	asexuality
agoi	dawned
agojë	dawn
agon	agon
agonë	agony
agoni	Agony
agonte	agonte
Agripa	Agrippa
Agripë	Agrippa
Agripën	Agrippa
Agripës	Agrippa
Agrippa	Agrippa
Agrippë	Agrippa
Agurit	Agur
ah	ah
Aha	Yes
Ahadhi	Ahadhi
Ahai	Ahai
Ahaia	Achaia
Ahaikoit	You are welcome.
Ahaikut	Achaicus
Ahainë	Achaea
Ahaisë	Achaia
Aharhelit	Aharhelites
Ahasbait	Ahasbait
Ahashtarin	Ahashtarin
Ahava	Ahava
Ahavës	Ahava
Ahaz	Ahaz
Ahazi	Azahi
Ahaziahu	Ahaziah
Ahazit	Ahazit
Ahaznë	Ahaz
Ahbanin	Ahban's
ahere	hut
Aherit	Aherit
Ahi	Oh my.
Ahiami	Ahiami
Ahiani	Asian
ahiere	so
Ahiezeri	Ahiezer
Ahiezerit	Ahiezer
Ahiezieri	FAQ
Ahihud	Ahihud
Ahihudi	Ahihud
Ahijah	Ahijah
Ahijahu	Ahijah
Ahijahut	Ahi'jah
Ahijaut	Ahijau
Ahikami	Ahikam
Ahikamin	Ahikamin
Ahikamit	Ahikamit
Ahikudit	Ahikudit
Ahiludit	He plays.
Ahimaatsi	Ahimaatsi
Ahimaatsin	Ahimaaz
Ahimaatsini	Ahimaazin
Ahimaatsit	Ahimatset
Ahimaazit	Ahimaazit
Ahimani	Ahiman
Ahimanin	Ahimanin
Ahimelek	Ahimelech
Ahimeleku	Ahimeleku
Ahimelekun	Ahimelekun
Ahimelekut	Ahimelek
Ahimeleqit	Ahimelech
Ahimelleut	Ahimelleut
Ahimi	Ashim
Ahimit	Ahim
Ahimnë	Alas!
Ahimothi	Ahimoth
Ahinadabi	Ahinadabi
Ahinoam	Ahinoam
Ahinoama	Ahinoam
Ahinoami	Ahinoami
Ahinoamin	Ahinoamin
Ahio	Storm
Ahira	Ahira
Ahirami	Ahiram
ahiramitëve	Ahiramites
Ahirit	Ahirit
Ahisamahut	ahisamahut
Ahisamakut	ahisamakut
Ahishahari	ahishahari
Ahishari	ahis
Ahithofeli	Ahithophel
Ahithofelin	Ahithofelin
Ahithofelit	Ahithofelit
Ahitofeli	Ahithophel
Ahitubi	Ahithophel
Ahitubit	It is a long way away.
Ahlabit	Ahlabit
Ahlai	Ahlai
Ahlait	Ahlait
Ahmetha	Ahmetha
Ahoa	Mouth
Ahoahu	Clothes
Ahohit	Ahohit
ahohiti	ahoy
ahohitit	ahohitit
Aholiabi	Aholiabi
Aholiabinë	Aholiabinë
Aholiavinë	Aholiavinë
Aholibamahu	Aholibamahu
Ahorit	Right now
Ahucathin	Ahucathin
Ahumai	Industry
Ahuzamin	Ahuzamin
Ahuzathi	Ahuzathi
Ahzait	Ahzait
ai	eat
Aieleth	Aieleth
Aijah	Aijah
Aijalon	Aijalon
Aijaloni	Aijaloni
Aijalonin	Aijalon
Ain	Ain
Aine	Substance
Ainë	Ai
Aini	Lack
Ainin	Ainin
Ainit	Ainu
Ainon	Only
Ait	Belonging
Aja	Just
Ajahu	I'm sorry
Ajahut	Aia
Ajalon	Ajalon
Ajalonin	Ajalon
Ajalonit	Aijalon
Ajath	Ajath
ajej	ajej
ajër	air
Ajin	The class
ajkë	cream
ajkën	Butter
ajo	SHE
ajri	air
ajrin	THE AIR
ajrosur	airy
ajtun	Aytun
akacie	acacia
akacieje	acacia
akacien	acacia
akacies	acacia
Akadi	Akkadian
Akai	Okay.
Akaia	Achaia
Akaiaishin	Akaiaishin
Akaiaishte	Akaiaishte
Akaikut	A little bit
Akainë	Achaia
Akaisë	Achaia
Akani	Akani
Akanin	Nest
Akanit	Akanit
akatastasi	akatsas
akatastasisë	acatastasis
Akazi	Women
Akazit	Not yet
Akbori	Akbori
Akborit	Ach'bor
akë	anyone with
akëcili	what anyone is like
Akeldama	Akeldama
Akimi	Eye
Akimit	Akim
Akish	Achish
Akishi	Achish
Akishin	Akishin
Akishit	Akishit
akoma	STILL
Akorit	Akorit
Akosit	Akosit
Akrabimit	Scorpion
akrep	scorpion
akrepa	Pointers
akrepash	scorpion
akrepave	scorpions
akrepit	scorpions
akridi	grasshopper
akrovisti	acrovisti
aksafna	aksafna
Aksah	Aksha
Aksaha	Aksa
Akshafin	Akshafin
Akshafit	Akshafit
aksia	axia
aksio	action
aksione	Actions
aksiosjë	action
akt	akt
akte	deed
aktet	ACTS
aktin	act
aktiv	active
aktivitet	activity
Akubi	Not bad.
Akubit	Akubit
Akuil	Akuil
Akuila	Aquila
Akuilë	Aquila
Akuilën	Aquila
Akuilës	Aquila
Akuilësë	Aquila
Akuili	Akuili
Akuilin	Akuilin
Akuilit	Achilles
akulli	ICE
akullin	ice
akullit	ice
akumbisi	accumulator
akumbisnë	accumulate
akumbisuritë	accumulations
akuza	COUNT
akuzat	CHARGES
akuzë	count
akuzohemi	accused
akuzojë	accuse
akuzojmë	accuse
akuzojnë	accused
akuzon	accuses
akuzonin	accuse
akuzuan	accused
akuzuar	charging
akuzuari	the accused
akuzues	accusatory
Akyla	Mind
Akylit	Akylit
Akzibi	Not bad.
Akzibit	Akzibit
Al	Al
alabastër	alabaster
alabastrënë	alabaster
alabastri	alabaster
Alamelekun	Alamelekun
Alamoth	Alamoth
alarmi	ALARM
alarmin	alarm
alarmit	alarm
Alboni	Alboni
aleanca	alliance
aleance	ALLIANCE
aleancë	alliance
aleancën	Alliance
aleate	allied
aleatët	allied
aleati	ALLY
Alef	Aleph
alegorik	allegorical
Aleksandër	Alexander
Aleksandhri	alexandriii
Aleksandhrino	Aleksandhrino
Aleksandhrinovet	Aleksandhrinovet
Aleksandhroi	alexandroi
Aleksandhroit	alexandrite
Aleksandhronë	Alexandroupoli
Aleksandri	Alexander
Aleksandria	Alexandria
Aleksandriane	Alexandrian
Aleksandrianë	Alexandrian
Aleksandrianëvet	The Alexandrians
Aleksandrin	Alexandrine
aleksandrinë	Alexandria
aleksandrinëve	Alexandrians
Aleksandrisë	Alexandria
Aleksandrit	Alexandria
Aleluja	Hallelujah
Alemethi	Not yet
Alemethin	Alemethin
Alfa	Alfa
alfabetit	alphabet
Alfeut	Alphaeus
algat	algae
Aliani	Foreign
alifí	aliphi
aligori	aligori
aligorira	he/she/it has won
Alimelek	Alimelek
alkane	alkane
alkanës	henna
alkovën	tent
Allamoth	Allamoth
Allef	I swear
allegorisuna	allegorical
Allelluja	Allelluja
Alleluia	Alleluia
allëmonej	allemagne
Allfaja	Allfaja
Allfeosë	Alfeo
Allilluia	Allilluia
Allilluja	All rights reserved
Alllluja	Alllluja
Allmodhadhi	Allmodhadhi
alloit	was going
alloje	hello
allojë	alloy
Allon	The screen
Allvahu	Alluvial
Allvani	Allvani
Almodadi	Almodadi
Almodali	Almodali
Almon	Almon
Almonin	Almonin
aloe	aloe
aloeje	aloes
aloes	aloes
aloje	aloe
Alon	Alon
Alonit	Allon
Aloth	Aloth
altar	altar
altare	altar
altarë	altar
altarët	altars
altarëve	altars
altari	altar
altarin	altar
altarit	altar
alternuara	alternating
Alush	Alush
Alushi	Alush
Alvah	Alvah
Alvani	Alvani
am	am
ama	or
Amadin	Amadin
Amahut	Ammah
Amalek	Amalek
amalekit	Amalekite
amalekitë	Amalekites
amalekitët	Amalekites
amalekitëve	Amalekites
amalekiti	amalekites
Amaleku	Amalek
Amalekun	Amalek
Amalekut	Amalekute
amalgamohet	mixes
Amali	Practice
Amaliku	Amalek
Amalikunë	Amalekites
Amalikut	Malicot
Amalliku	Mallik
Amami	Love me
Amanas	You love
amanetnë	trust
Amarfelinë	Amarfelina
Amarfelit	Bittersweet
Amariah	Amariah
Amariahu	Amariahu
Amariahun	Amariahun
Amariahut	Amariahut
Amas	Loves
Amasa	Amasa
Amasai	Amasai
Amasain	Amasain
Amasait	Amasait
Amasan	Goals
Amasas	Amasas
Amashaai	Amashai
Amasiahu	Amaziah
Amatheu	Amatheu
Amatsiah	Amatsiah
Amatsiahu	Amatsiahu
Amatsiahun	Amatsiahun
Amatsiahut	Amaziah
ambar	barn
ambarë	Ambar
ambaret	amber
ambasador	ambassador
ambasadorë	ambassadors
ambasadorët	ambassadors
ambasadorëve	ambassadors
ambël	Ambel
ambëla	apple
ambëlë	sweet
ambëlth	ambelth
ambiciet	ambitions
ambient	ambient
ambienti	environments
amblë	amble
amblësinë	sweetness
amblësinën	sweetness
amblëthi	semolina
amdan	amdan
amë	matrix
Amekethi	I am tired.
amëlth	honey
amëmiqt	friends
amen	amen
amën	amen
amënë	mother
Ameni	Amen
amënor	amenor
amës	AMES
amësë	mother
amësht	flavor
Amethisio	Amethyst
amethyst	amethyst
amethystë	amethysts
ametist	from office
ametisti	amethyst
Amfipojë	Amphipoya
Amfipolë	Amphipolis
Amfipoli	Amphipolis
ami	which
Amieli	Amiel
Amielit	Friends
Amihudi	Amihudi
Amihudit	Ammihur
amin	with
Aminadab	AMMINADAB
Aminadabi	Aminadabi
Aminadabin	Aminadabin
Aminadabit	Aminadabit
Aminadhavi	Aminadhavi
Aminadhavit	Aminadhavit
Aminadhavnë	Aminadavne
Amishadaidit	Amishadaid
Amishadait	Amishadait
amit	what
Amitait	Friendship
Amizabadi	Ammizabad
ammi	ammi
Amminabadit	Amminabad
Ammoni	Ammon
Ammonit	Ammonite
Ammonitët	Ammonites
Ammonitëvet	Ammonites
Ammosit	It is marked.
Amnon	Amnon
Amnoni	Amnon
Amnonin	Amnonin
Amnonit	Amnon
Amoku	Amok
Amokut	Amokut
Amon	Amon
Amonë	Ammon
Amoni	Harmony
Amonin	Ammonite
Amonit	Ammon
amonite	amonite
amonitësh	Ammon
amonitët	AMMONITES
amonitëve	Ammonites
amoniti	ammonite
amonitja	Ammonite
Amonni	Amonni
amore	Love
amoreasit	amoreasit
Amorejt	Amorites
Amorejtë	Amorites
Amorejvet	Amorejvet
amorenjtë	the Amorites
amorenjve	amorjve
amoreu	I loved it
amoreun	amoreun
amoreut	amoreut
Amorevet	Lovevet
Amoritët	Amorites
amoritëve	Amorites
Amoritëvet	Amorites
Amoritin	Amorite
Amoritnë	Amorite
Amorrejt	Amorrejt
Amorreu	Amorite
Amorreut	Amorreut
Amorrevet	Love is a dream
Amos	Amos
Amosi	Amos
Amosit	Removed
Amotsit	Amosit
Amplia	Wide
Ampliatin	Ampliatin
Amplisë	Amplifier
Ampliut	More
Amrafelit	Amraphelitis
Amram	Amram
Amrami	Amrami
Amramit	amramit
amramitëve	Amram
amshim	aeon
amshimi	everlasting
amshimin	eternity
amshimit	eternity
amshuar	ETERNAL
amshuara	the eternal
amshueshme	Eternity
Amshueshmi	Eternal
amtare	Mother
Amtsit	Amtsit
an	an
ana	cave
Anabi	Prophet
Anabit	Anabit
Anah	Son
Anaharath	Anaharath
Anahimët	Anahimes
Anahu	I see.
Anahut	Anahut
Anajahu	Anajahu
anakimët	Anakim
anakimëve	Anakim
Anakimëvet	The Anakim
Anakimit	Anakimit
anakitë	Anakim
anakitët	Anakites from
Anakut	Anakut
analet	annals
analizojë	analyze
Analizoni	ANALYZE
Anamelekut	Anamelekut
anamimët	Anamim
anangas	anangas
anangasi	pineapple
anangasjëmë	involved
anangasjënë	involved
anangasnë	in the opposite direction
anangasurë	confused
Anani	What?
Anania	Anan
Ananiah	Ananiah
Ananiahu	Ananiahu
Ananiahut	Ananiah
Anaqimëtë	Anakim
Anaqimëvet	Anakims
anash	sideways
anathema	anathema
anathematis	anathema
anathematisjë	anathema
anathematisnë	anathema
anathemë	anathema
Anathi	You are not with us.
Anathit	Anathit
Anathoth	Anathoth
Anathothe	Anathoth
Anathothi	anatothi
Anathothin	Anathothin
Anathothit	Anathothit
Anatoli	Anatoly
Anatolia	Anatolia
Anatolisë	Anatolia
Anatolitë	Anatolians
Anatothi	Anatothi
Anatothin	Anatothin
Anbarahu	Anbarahu
anda	you
andai	if
andaj	THEREFORE
andaje	andaj
andalis	andalis
andej	thence
andejë	wander
andejmi	thence
andën	Andes
andënë	there
andërra	dream
andërrash	dreamer
andërrë	dream
andërrën	the dream
andërrënë	dreamy
andërruem	we dreamed
andës	andes
andësë	andes
Andhrea	Andrea
Andhreanë	Andhranese
Andhreasë	Andrea
Andhreu	andhreu
Andhronikoit	Andhronikoit
Andiohi	Andiohi
Andiohinë	Antioch
Andiohisë	Antioch
Andipa	He gave it to me.
andrallosnë	in a hurry
Andrea	Andrea
Andrean	Andrew
Andreas	Andreas
Andrenë	Andreena
Andreu	Andrew
Andreut	Andrew
Andronikun	Andronicus
Andronikut	Andronicus
andyi	andyi
andyj	andy
ane	has
anë	THROUGH
anekënd	around
anëkim	anekim
anëkimin	the moaning
anëkohe	meanwhile
anëkojë	moan
anembanë	across
Anemi	Anemia
anëmik	friend
anëmiku	friend
anëmikun	friend
anëmikunë	friend
anëmikut	enemy
anëmiq	friendly
anëmiqësi	friendship
anëmiqësia	friendship
anëmiqësinë	friendship
anëmiqt	friends
anëmiqtë	friends
anëmiqvet	friends
anën	SIDE
anënë	side
Aneri	Aneri
Anerin	Anerin
Anerit	It withers.
anës	Anna
anësë	side
anësh	sided
anësi	bias
Anësia	Anes
anësore	side
anësorë	side
anet	Aneta
anët	SIDES
anëtar	member
anëtarë	MEMBERS
anëtarët	User
anëtë	Aneta
anëve	sides
anëvet	sides
anforat	amphora
angaliasi	look at it
angarepsnë	busy
angarepstë	lazy
angari	drudgery
angaritë	burdens
angështua	distressed
angjistrënë	anteater
angullima	angle
anguratë	angora
angure	angure
angurë	angora
Aniami	I hope
Anieli	Angela
anija	initiator
anijatën	wit
anije	BOAT
anijen	spacecraft
anijes	SHIP
anijet	ships
anijeve	SHIPPING
anijëza	ship
Animi	Souls
Anirit	It is dry.
ankesë	complaint
ankesën	COMPLAINT
ankim	Appealing
ankime	Appeals
ankimet	complaints
Ankimi	complaint
ankimin	APPEALS
ankohej	complained
ankohem	complain
ankohen	complain
ankohet	APPEAL
ankoni	ankoni
ankth	anxiety
ankthe	nightmares
ankthet	anxieties
ankthi	nightmarish
ankthin	anxiety
ankthit	nightmarish
ankua	complained
ankuan	complained
ankuar	APPEAL
anmiqvet	anmiqvet
Anna	Anna
anoi	begged
anominë	anomie
Anonit	Ammon
anonte	biased
anosh	anosh
Anothi	Say
anshëm	PARTIAL
Anthipatnë	Antipata
Anthipatoi	Antipatoi
Anthipatonë	Antipater
Anthothijahu	Anthothijahu
antidhiqi	antigoat
Antihristër	Antichrist
Antihristo	Antichrist
Antihristoi	Antichrist
antik	antique
antike	antiquity
antikrishta	antichrist
antikrishtë	antichrists
antikrishti	antichrist
antikrishtit	antichrist
antillogji	antilogy
antillogjie	antilogy
antilopa	antelope
antilopë	antelope
antimon	antimony
Antioheasinë	Antiochene
Antiohi	Antioch
Antiohia	ANTIOCH
Antioki	Antioch
Antiokia	Antioch
Antiokiaishte	Antiochian
Antiokinë	Antioch
Antiokisë	Antioch
Antiokun	Antioch
Antipa	Antipas
Antipatridë	Antipatris
Antipatridhë	Homeless
Antipën	Antipas
Antipës	Antipas
Antonia	Antonia
Anubi	Anubi
anulohej	canceled
anulohet	canceled
anulojë	overrule
Anulojmë	void
anulon	Cancel
anuloni	CANCEL
anulosh	annul
anuluar	canceled
ap	ap
Apaimi	Apaimi
Apaimit	Apaimit
apartamentin	apartment
apartamentit	apartment
apç	apc
apë	APE
apeli	APPEAL
apelin	the appeal
Apelinë	Apelin
Apelit	Appeals
Apelliut	Appellation
apelohem	appeal
apelua	appealed
apeluar	appeal
apëm	ape
apëmë	ape
apën	Apen
apënë	father
apëtë	absolutely
Apfinë	Apfine
Apfisë	Close
api	api
Apiani	Apian
apiç	peak
apim	apim
apimë	apim
apin	occur
apinë	apina
apish	apish
Apit	Apit
Apiut	Apiut
apo	OR
apofasi	apophasis
apofasin	apophasin
apofasis	apophasis
apofasisetë	apophasis
apofasisi	apophasis
apofasisnë	apophasis
apofasisni	apophasis
apofasisurë	apophasic
apokalips	apocalypse
apokalipsi	apocalypse
Apokalipsnë	Apocalypse
Apol	Apol
Apoli	Apollos
Apolin	Apollo
Apolion	Apollyon
Apolit	Apollos
Apolljon	Apollonius
Apollo	Apollo
Apolloi	Apollo
Apolloit	Apollos
Apollonë	Apollo
Apolloni	Apollonia
Apollos	Apollos
Apollosi	Apollosi
Apolo	Apollo
apologji	apology
Apoloni	Apollonia
Apolonin	Apollos
Apolonit	Apollonius
apor	monkeys
apostafat	deliberately
apostoj	apostasy
apostojet	apostles
apostojt	apostille
apostojtë	apostles
apostolike	apostolic
Apostolinë	Apostol
apostolisë	apostleship
apostoll	apostle
Apostollato	Apostolate
Apostollë	Apostles
apostollëvet	the apostles
apostolli	apostles
Apostollonë	Apostolone
apostuj	apostles
apostujsh	apostles
apostujt	THEY
apostujtë	the apostles
apostujve	Apostles
apostujvet	Apostles
apostuli	apostles
apostull	APOSTLE
apostulli	The apostle
apostullie	apostleship
apostullim	apostle
apostullimin	apostolate
apostullimit	apostolate
apostullin	apostle
apostullinë	apostleship
apostullisë	apostleship
apostullit	apostle
apostulll	the apostle
Appiut	Appiut
aprovuar	approved
Apsenth	Apsenth
apsh	apsh
apsinthi	absinthe
Apsinthio	Apsinthio
Apsotojt	Estimate
aq	aq
aqë	a similar number
Aqeldhama	Aqeldhama
aqi	aqi
Aqilla	Aqilla
Aqillë	Aquila
Aqillësë	Achillea
ar	with
ara	We buy
Arab	Arab
Arabah	Arabah
Arabahu	Arabah
Arabahun	Arabahun
Arabahut	Arabahut
arabë	Arabs
arabët	Arabian
arabëve	Arabs
arabi	arabi
Arabia	Arabia
Arabisë	Saudi
aradhe	aradhe
Aradi	Arad
Aradit	Aradite
Arahahut	Arahuahut
Arahu	Arrow
Arahut	Arahut
araksnë	araksne
aram	aram
aramaike	aramaike
aramaisht	aramaisht
arame	wire
Arameu	Aramaic
Arameut	Aramaic
arami	Aramaic
Aramit	Aramid
Aramnë	Aramna
Arani	Aran
Aranin	Aranin
Aranit	Aram
Arapëri	Araperi
arapëtë	Arabs
Arapi	Arabic
Arararit	Arararit
Araratit	Ararat
Arariahu	Arariahu
arash	arash
arat	plowing
aratë	fields
Aratin	Aratin
Araunahu	Araunahu
Araunahut	Araunahut
arave	Arava
aravet	arave
Aravisë	Arabia
aravoniasurë	aravoniasura
aravonis	aravonis
arba	or
Arbahësë	Farmers
Arbathi	Arbathi
Arbelin	Arbelin
Arbën	Arben
arbitër	arbitrator
arbitri	referees
arça	juniper
arçë	birch
ardhacakë	settlers
ardhë	came
ardhëmeja	the future
ardhëmen	Future?
ardhëmes	future
ardhëmesë	future
ardhit	ardhit
ardhja	Coming
ardhjen	Coming
ardhjes	coming
ardhjet	coming
ardhme	future
ardhmen	FUTURE
ardhmes	FUTURE
ardhmja	FUTURE
ardhshëm	fUTURE
Ardhshin	Come on.
ardhshme	UPCOMING
ardhtë	Let
ardhun	revenue shall
ardhunë	newcomer
ardhunit	income
ardhur	COME
ardhura	iNCOME
ardhurat	INCOME
ardhurave	REVENUE
ardhuravet	income
ardhure	newcomer
ardhurë	settlers
ardhurënë	income
ardhurin	alien
ardhurit	ARRIVALS
ardhuritë	income
ardhurve	newcomers
Ardi	Sheep
arditëve	Ardians
Ardon	Ardon
are	are
arë	field
Areli	Areli
arelitëve	Arelites
Arelli	Arelli
arëmik	enemy
arëmiknë	Armenian
arëmiku	enemy
arëmikunë	enemy
arëmikut	enemy
arëmiq	enemy
arëmiqësi	enemy
arëmiqet	enemies
arëmiqsh	enemy
arëmiqt	enemies
arëmiqtë	enemies
arëmiqvet	enemies
arën	field
arenë	arena
arënë	field
Areopag	Areopag
areopagiti	Areopagite
Areopagjiti	Areopagite
Areopagu	Areopagus
Areopagut	Areopagut
Areorit	Areorit
arës	field
arësë	field
aret	stop
arët	Arete
Areta	Arena
Aretë	Arete
Arethësë	Aretha
areti	disease
Aretiishte	Aretiishte
Arfadhësë	Next door
Arfaksadhi	Arphaxad
Arfaksadhit	Arfaksadhit
Arfaksadit	Arphaxads
argat	servant
argatë	laborers
argati	argatis
argatit	argan
arghyria	arghyria
argjand	argand
argjanda	argand
argjandari	silversmith
argjandatë	silver-plated
argjandi	argan
argjandin	argandin
argjandinë	silver
argjandit	silver
argjandueme	we are afraid
argjantta	silver
argjanttë	silver
argjend	silver
argjendar	jeweler
argjëndar	silversmith
argjendarët	silversmiths
argjendari	Jewelery
argjëndari	goldsmith
argjendarin	refiner
argjendarit	goldsmith
argjëndarit	goldsmiths
argjënde	silver
argjendi	silver
argjëndi	silver
argjendin	the silver
argjëndin	the silver
argjëndinë	silver
argjendit	silver
argjëndit	silver
argjendta	silver
argjënt	silver
argjënta	silver
argjëntnë	silver
argjëntta	silver
argjënttatë	silver-plated
argjënttë	silver
argjila	clay
argjile	pug
argjilë	clay
argjilën	clay
argjilës	clay
argjili	earthen
argjilore	clay
argjire	silver
argjiria	silver
Argobin	Argobin
Argobit	Argobit
argumente	argument
argumentet	the argument
Arhangjelloi	Archangel
Arhellaoi	Arhellaoi
arhi	archi
Arhierea	Archiving
Arhieref	Archpriest
Arhierefnë	Archpriest
Arhierej	Hierarchy
Arhierejtë	The archpriests
Arhiereu	bishop
Arhipoit	Archive
Arhiponë	Archippone
Arhippinë	Archippina
Arhippit	Archipelago
arhira	arhira
arhitë	archite
arhitek	architect
arhitekto	architect
Arhond	Arhond
arhondë	lord
arhondët	arhondët
arhondëtë	arhondëtë
arhondëvet	the lords
arhondi	arhondi
Arhondit	Arhondit
ari	working
Aridain	Aridain
Aridathan	Aridathan
Aridhe	Aridhe
Ariehun	Ariehun
Ariel	Ariel
Arieli	Ariel
Arielin	Arielin
Arielit	Arielit
Ariila	Ariel
Ariilënë	Ariel
Ariilësë	Ariilës
arijti	arhitectura
Arimateja	Arimathea
Arimatejaishte	Arimatejaishte
Arimathesë	Arimathea
Arimathia	Arimathia
Arimit	Arim
arin	middle
arinë	Arina
arinj	bears
Ariohunë	Ariohune
Ariohut	Arioch
Arioku	Arioku
Ariokut	Ariokut
Ariopago	Ariopago
Ariopagosë	Areopagus
Arisain	Arizona
Aristarh	Aristarh
Aristarhoi	Aristarchus
Aristarhonë	Aristarchus
Aristarhu	Aristarhu
Aristarhunë	Aristarchus
Aristarku	Aristarchus
Aristarkun	Aristarchus
Aristobulit	Aristobulit
Aristovulit	Aristovulitis
arit	GOLD
ariu	concept
ariun	bear
ariut	bear
arka	back
arkazë	cash box
arkë	ARK
Arkelau	Arkelau
Arkelaumbretëroi	Archelaus reigned
arkën	ark
arkënë	the box
arkenjtë	arkansas
arkenjve	archaea
arkës	ark
arkësë	cash register
arkët	box office
arkëtarët	treasurers
arkëtari	Treasurer
arkevitët	Archevites
Arkipit	Archipit
arkitekt	architect
arkiti	architecture
arkitin	architecton
arkitit	Hushai
arkitrarët	lintels
arkitrau	arkitrau
arkitraun	arkitraun
arkivave	archives
arkivist	archivist
arkivisti	ARCHIVIST
arkivistin	archivist
arkivistit	archivist
arkivol	coffin
arkivolin	coffin
arkivolit	coffin
arkondëve	rulers
Armageddon	Armageddon
Armagedon	Armageddon
Armagedonështë	Armageddon is
Armagjedhon	Armageddon
armatimi	weaponry
armatimin	armament
armatisi	armed
armatisunë	we armed ourselves
armatisurë	armed
armatosen	Arm
armatoseni	armed men
armatoset	arming
armatosi	armed himself
armatosin	armatos
armatosuni	armedsuns
armatosur	ARMED
armatosurë	armed
armaturat	armature
armaturë	armor
armaturën	armor
armaturës	armor
armë	Armenian
armën	weapon
Armenisë	Armenia
armenisjëm	Armenian
armenisjënë	Armenian
armenism	armenism
armenisnë	Armenian
armenisuritë	Armenians
armëri	armory
armët	weapons
armëtë	weapons
armëve	arms
armëvet	weapons
armik	enemy
armike	ENEMY
armikja	enemy
armiknë	enemy
armiku	The enemy
armikun	the enemy
armikut	the enemy
armiq	ENEMIES
armiqëria	hostility
armiqërinë	hostility
armiqësi	enmity
armiqësie	hostility
armiqësimi	hatred
armiqësinë	hostility
armiqësisë	hostility
armiqësitë	hostilities
armiqt	enemy
armiqtë	Foes
armiqve	enemies
armogji	armor
Armonin	Armon
Armonit	Arnon
arna	on
Arnanit	Arnanit
arnavet	inherited
arnë	patch
arnesën	Arnesen
arniçim	patching
arnis	arnis
arnise	arnise
arniseç	arniseç
arnisej	arnisej
arnisem	arnisem
arnisenë	Arnise
arnisetë	arnisette
arnisi	arnisi
arnisjë	something
arnisjëmë	start over
arnisjënë	arnisjena
arnisnë	arnisne
arnistë	arnist
arnisurë	arnisura
Arnit	Arnit
Arnon	On us
Arnoni	Arnon
Arnonin	Arnonin
Arnonit	Arnonit
arnuar	patched
Arodi	Arodi
aroditëve	Arodites
Aroer	Aroer
Aroera	Aroer
Aroerësë	Aroerës
Aroeri	Aroer
Aroerin	Aroerin
Aroerit	Aroerit
aroma	aroma
aromash	flavor
aromat	aroma
aromatë	fragrances
aromatik	aromatic
aromatike	fragrant
aromatikë	Scented
aromave	Fragrance
aromë	flavor
aromën	fragrance
aromëtë	the aromas
Aroni	Aaron
Aronin	Aronin
Aronit	Aaron
Aroreri	Aroredi
Arpada	In barley
Arpadi	Arpad
Arpadit	Arpad
Arpakshadi	Arpakshadi
Arpakshadit	Arpakshadit
Arqelau	Arqelau
arra	there
Arrani	Arran
Arranit	Arran
arrati	runaway
arratia	rat
arratinë	flight
arratis	lam
arratisen	escape
arratiseni	flee
arratisje	escape
arratisur	fugitive
arrave	nuts
arre	brown
arrëseninë	the madness
arrestimit	arrest
arrestohej	was arrested
arrestohet	arrested
arrestoi	arrested
arrestojnë	arrest
arrestuan	arrested
arrestuar	arrested
arrësye	reason
arrifshin	arrifshin
arriftë	beseech thee
arrihen	accessed
arrihet	ACHIEVED
arrij	overtake
arrija	I could
arrije	overtake
arrijë	highs
arrijëmë	we arrive
arrijënë	they arrive
arrijmë	ACHIEVE
arrijnë	reach
arrijta	OVEN BURNER
arrijti	arrived
arrijtim	achievement
arrijtin	they arrived
arrijtinë	achievement
arrin	matter
arrinë	reaches
arrini	GOING
arrinim	achieve
arrinin	reached
arrinit	Achieve
arrinte	reached
arrish	Achieving
arrita	I reached
arrite	You made
arritëm	We arrived
arritën	reached
arritët	Reaching
arriti	REACHED
arritjen	achievement
arritjes	arrival
arritur	REACHED
arriu	I will come.
arroganca	Arrogance
arrogancë	arrogance
arrogancën	arrogance
arrogant	arrogant
arrogante	arrogant
arrogantë	arrogant
arrogantëve	arrogant
Arrogantja	Arrogance
arsenalin	the arsenal
arsenalit	Arsenal
arsëz	without a trace
arsëzë	reason
arsim	EDUCATION
arsimin	educatIon
arsimua	educated
arsye	reason
arsyeja	reason
arsyen	the reason
arsyes	REASON
arsyeshëm	reasonable
arsyeshme	reasonable
arsyetim	reasoning
arsyetime	excuses
arsyetimet	RATIONALES
arsyetimit	justification
arsyetoja	reasoned
arsyetojnë	Reasoning
arsyetoni	excuses
arsyetonin	reasoned
arsyetonte	Conclusions
arsyetuan	they justified
arta	art
Artakserks	Artakserks
Artakserksi	Artaxerxes
Artakserksit	Artaxerxes
artatë	gold
artë	GOLDEN
Artemain	Artemain
Arteman	Artem
Artemanë	Artemene
Artemea	Artemisia
Artemësë	Artemësa
Artemia	Artemia
Artemisa	Sagebrush
Artemisaishte	Artemisia
Artemisë	Artemis
Artemisës	Artemis
artemonë	artemon
artet	arts
arteve	arts
arth	arth
arthç	arthch
arthça	arthça
arthsha	arthsha
artht	artht
arthtë	six
arti	meaning 
artificiale	artificial
artin	art
artist	artist
artisti	artists
artistik	artistic
artistike	artistic
artistikisht	figured
artit	TRA
artizan	artisan
artizanë	artisans
artizanësh	craftsmen
artizanët	artisans
artizanëve	artisans
artizani	handicraft
Artsas	Artsas
Aruboth	Aruboth
Arukeu	Arukeu
Arumah	Home
arushë	she-bear
arushën	Bear
arushka	arushka
arvadenjtë	the arvadenians
Arvadhi	Arvadhi
Arvadit	Arvadite
as	as
Asa	Work
Asaf	Asaf
Asafi	Asaph
Asafin	Asaph
Asafit	Asafit
Asahel	Asahel
Asaheli	Asahel
Asahelin	Asahel
Asahelit	Asahels
asai	asai
Asait	Asait
asaj	to that
asaja	asaja
Asajahu	Asahiah
Asajahun	Asajahun
Asajahut	Asaiah
asajt	asiat
asamble	assembly
asambleja	congregation
asambleje	Assembly
asamblenë	assembly
asamblesë	congregation
asambleve	assemblies
Asan	Easy
Asanë	Asana
Asareeli	Asareli
Asarelahu	Asarelahu
asarion	asarion
Asarit	Asarit
Asarmavethi	Asarmavethi
Asas	Basics
Asason	Asason
Asdhothpisgahësë	Asdhothpisgahë
asdodenjtë	the never-ending
aseljia	weapons
Asenatha	We are not drinking.
Asenathënë	Asenath
Asenathi	Asenathi
Asenathin	Asenathin
Asenneu	Install
Aserit	Azerbaijanis
asevisë	asevi
asfiksi	ASPHYXIA
asgja	nothing
asgjë	nothing
asgjëje	nothing
asgjëkundi	nowhere
asgjësofshin	annihilate
asgjësohen	destroyed
asgjësohet	destroyed
asgjësoj	annihilate
asgjësojë	Terminate
asgjësoji	Consume
asgjëson	plotters
asgjësova	cut off
asgjësuan	destroyed
asgjësuar	decimated
Ashabi	Companions
Ashabin	Ashabin
Ashabit	Ashby
Ashani	Ashani
Ashanin	Ashanin
Ashanit	Ashanit
Ashaz	Ashaz
Ashazi	Ashes
Ashaziah	Ashaziah
Ashaziahu	Ahaziah
Ashaziahun	Ahaziah
Ashaziahut	Ahaziah
Ashazin	Ashazin
Ashazit	Ahaz
Ashbeas	Ashbeas
Ashbeli	Ashbeli
ashbelitëve	Ashbelites
Ashboth	Ashboth
Ashdod	Ashdod
Ashdodë	Ashdod
Ashdodësë	Ashdod
Ashdodi	Ashdod
Ashdodin	Ashdod
Ashdodit	Ashdod
Asher	Asher
Asherah	Asherah
Asherahët	groves
Asherahu	Asherahu
Asherahun	Asherahun
Asherahut	Asherah
Asheri	Asher
Asherimë	groves
Asherimët	groves
Ashërimet	The Ashes
Asherimëve	shrines
Asherin	Asherin
Asherinë	Asherah
Asherit	Asherit
Asherothët	Asheroth
Asherothit	Asherothit
Ashiman	Ashiman
Ashir	Asher
Ashiri	Ashiri
Ashkalonit	Ashkelon
Ashkelon	Ashkelon
Ashkeloni	Ashkeloni
Ashkelonit	Ashkelon
Ashkenazi	Ashkenazi
Ashkenazit	Ashkenaz
ashklën	speck
Ashna	Ashna
Ashnahu	Ashnahu
Ashod	Ashod
Ashpenazit	Ashpenaz
ashpër	HARSH
ashpëra	Strict
ashpërë	harsh
ashpërënë	the harshness
ashpërët	the tough ones
ashpërëvet	the tough guys
ashpërimin	the harshness
ashpëriminë	the severity
ashpërohetë	it gets tough
ashpëroi	hardened
ashpërojmë	we harden
ashpërojsh	roughen
ashpëron	hardens
ashpëronetë	roughneck
ashpëroni	toughen up
ashpëronj	rough
ashpërova	I was angry.
ashpërsi	rigor
ashpërsinë	severity
ashpërsisë	severity
ashpërsohej	fiercer
ashpërsoi	provoked
ashpërsua	sore
ashpërsuar	toughened
ashpërua	rough
ashpërumë	harsh mother
ashpra	COARSE
ashprë	harsh
ashprëtë	harsh
asht	Ashta
Ashtarithin	Ashtarithin
Ashtaroth	Ashtaroth
Ashtarothët	Ashtaroth
Ashtarothëve	Astaroth
Ashtarothi	Ashtarothi
Ashtarothin	Ashtarothin
Ashtarothit	Ashtarothit
ashtë	Ashta
Ashterot	Ashterot
Ashtorethin	Ashtorethin
Ashtorethit	Ashtorethith
ashtu	JUST
ashtuquajtura	called
ashtuquajturës	called
ashtuquajturin	called
ashtuquajturve	so-called
Ashuri	Ashuri
Ashurin	Ashurin
ashuritëve	Ashurites
Ashvathi	Ashvathi
asi	but
Asia	Asia
Asianëvet	Asians
asiarkë	Asian woman
Asielit	Asielite
Asiënë	Asia
Asiësë	Asia
asimilonit	bear
Asinë	Asia
Asingritonë	Asyncronous
Asinkritin	Asyncritus
Asinkritit	Asyncritus
asirët	Assyrians
asirëve	Assyrians
asiri	secret
Asiria	ASSYRIA
asiriane	Assyrian
Asirianët	Assyrians
asirin	secret
Asirinë	Assyria
Asirisë	Assyria
Asirit	Asirit
Asisë	Asis
asish	, things
Askalonin	Ascalonin
askend	anyone
askënd	anyone
askuit	ashtray
askujt	ANYONE
askund	ANYWHERE
askurrë	at all
askush	NOBODY
askushi	NOBODY
Asnahut	Asnah
asndonjë	nobody
asndonjërit	nobody
asndonji	asndonji
asnjë	ANY
asnjëherë	never
asnjëra	neither
asnjërën	either
asnjërës	to any
asnjeri	none
asnjëri	neither
asnjërin	either
asnjërit	neither
asnjeriu	anyone
asnjeriut	another man
asnji	one else
aso	day
Asokohe	then
Asos	Asos
asosh	asosh
asotia	asotia
asotisë	association
asotite	asotite
aspak	NONE
Aspathan	Aspathan
aspër	farthing
aspidash	aspidash
aspidhe	asp
aspidhë	aspen
Aspidit	Aspidit
Aspor	Asport
asprë	rough
asprën	rough
asprët	rough
asprëtë	harsh
Asqenazi	Ashkenazi
asqer	asqer
asqeret	ask
asqerët	askeri
asqerëtë	soldiers
asqerëvet	enemies
asqerit	soldiers
Asrieli	Asrieli
Asrielit	Asrielite
asrielitëve	Asrielites
Assë	Nothing
Asshurimët	Asshurim
Asshurimi	Asshurimi
Assiri	Assyrians
Asso	Asso
Assuri	Assyria
Assurri	Assyria
Assyria	Assyria
Astaroth	Astaroth
astër	aster
astërvet	asters
astrat	abstract
astrë	aster
astrësh	aster
astrëtë	asters
astrëvet	stars
astrin	astrin
astrologë	astrologers
astrologët	astrologers
astrologëve	astrologers
astrologu	astrologer
Asua	Live
Asuero	Ahasuerus
Asueroja	Asueroja
Asueros	Ahasuerus
asuresh	asuresh
Asuri	Assyria
Asurin	Asura
Asynkritit	Asynccritite
Asyri	Asyri
Asyria	Assyria
Asyrianëtë	Assyrians
Asyrianëvet	Assyrians
Asyriani	Assyrian
Asyrianinë	Assyria
Asyriannë	Assyriannë
Asyrisë	Assyria
at	at
ata	minutes
Atadit	Atadit
Atahiahu	Atahiahu
Atai	Or
Atain	Atan
Atait	Atait
ataksi	ataxia
Atalë	Atala
Atali	Future
Ataliaishin	Ataliaschina
Atarah	atarah
Ataroth	Ataroth
Atarothi	Ataroth
Atarothin	Atarothin
Atavah	Atavah
atdhe	homeland
atdheu	Fatherland
atdheun	country
ate	ate
atè	ground
atë	IT
ateherë	then the
atëhere	IF SO
atëherë	then
atëhershëm	then
atëhershme	then
atej	ateej
ateje	he/she/it
atejmi	atejmi
atën	Aten
atëna	father
atënave	fathers
atenavet	atenavet
atënavet	fathers
atënë	father
atëni	father
ateniat	attentive
atënisë	fatherhood
atënish	father's
atenit	Ateni
atënit	father's
atenitë	Athenians
atënitë	Atenians
atëravet	fathers
atëret	fathers
atërëvet	fathers
Ateri	Artery
Aterit	Aterit
atërit	father's
atëritë	fatherhood
atërivet	fatherland
atërore	fatherly
atës	tion
atësë	father's
atha	finished
Athakut	Athkat
Athaliah	Athaliah
Athaliaha	Athaliah
Athaliahës	Athaliah
Athaliahu	Athaliah
Athaliahun	Athaliah
Athaliahut	Athaliah
Atharimit	Atharimit
Athina	Athens
athinas	Athenian
athinasit	Athenians
Athine	ATHENS
Athinë	Athens
Athineas	Athineas
Athinësë	Athens
Athinjot	Athens
Athinjotë	city ​​​​of Athens
Athlai	Athleisure
ati	we had
atie	atie
atij	HIM
atijtë	those
atillash	shooting
atillë	like that
atillësh	like that
atillëtë	like that
atillinë	attila
atin	ours
atinë	father
atit	both
atitë	fathers
atje	there
atjeshëm	thence
atmosferë	atmosphere
atnë	father
ato	those
atrëvet	fathers
atribuar	attributed
Atroth	Atroth
Atrothi	Atrothi
Atsal	pickles
Atsaliahut	Azaliah
Atsar	Atsar
Atseli	Atseli
Atselit	Azels
Atsmoni	Atsmon
Atsor	Atsor
Attali	Attali
ature	ature
aturevet	torn
aty	there
atyne	laggards
atynë	there
atyneve	theirs
atynevë	at home
atyre	THOSE
atyreve	Hittites
atyrevë	those
atyrevet	their own
audiencë	audience
auditor	auditor
auguste	auguste
Augusti	August
Augustiishte	Augustine
Augustinë	Augustinians
Augustit	August
Austrë	Austria
autori	authors
autorin	author
autoritet	authority
autoritetet	authorities
autoriteteve	authorities
autoriteti	authority
autoritetin	authority
autoritetit	authority
autorizim	authorization
autorizuar	authorized
Ava	Ava
Avadhdhon	Avadhdhon
Avas	Avas
Aveli	Avel
Avelinë	Avelina
Avelit	Avelit
Aven	Aven
Avenit	Avenid
avenjtë	the birds
avenjve	avenues
Avgustit	August
Avgustoit	August
Aviai	Sheep
Aviait	Had
Avianë	Avian
Aviatharit	Aviatharit
Avilinësë	Avilina
Avillau	Avillau
Avimaili	Avimail
Avimelehu	Abimelech
Avimelehunë	Abimelech
Avimelehut	Avimelehut
Avimellehut	Avimelleh
Avimëtë	Avima
Avimi	Sheep
Avironit	Rowing
avis	notice
avisi	notices
avisit	avisit
aviso	Notice
avit	grandfather
avitë	Avita
avitetë	aviary
Avith	Avith
Avitu	I know.
avitunë	airplane
Aviudhi	Avuddhi
Aviudhnë	Aviudhna
Avlah	Avlah
avlli	steam
avllin	avllin
avllinë	avllina
avllisë	arbour
avllit	steam
avokat	lawyer
Avraam	ABRAHAM
Avraami	Avraami
Avraamin	Abraham
Avraaminë	Abraham
Avraamit	Abraham
Avraamn	Avraamn
Avraamnë	Abraham
Avram	Abram
Avrami	Avram
Avraminë	Avramina
Avramit	Avrami
Avramnë	Avramne
avujt	vapor
avull	STEAM
avullë	steam
avulli	steam
Avva	Abba
avysatë	watch
avysësë	avysë
avysetë	avyset
avyss	avyss
avyssa	avyssa
avyssat	avyssat
avyssatë	deep
avyssavet	avyssavet
avyssënë	depth
Axhe	Axhe
ay	is
Azabahut	Azabahut
Azaniahut	Azaniah
Azanit	Azzan
Azareeli	Azareeli
Azareelit	Azarels
Azareli	Azareli
Azaria	Azaria
Azariah	Azariah
Azariahu	Azariah
Azariahun	Azariahun
Azariahut	Azariah
Azarian	Azarian
Azarias	Azariah
Azarisahun	Azarisahun
Azaziahu	Azatziahu
Azazit	Azazit
Azbukut	Azbukut
Azekah	Azekah
Azekahu	Azekah
Azekahut	ze'kah
Azgabi	Azgabi
Azgadit	Az'gad
Azi	Today
Azia	Asia
aziarkë	Asiarchs
Aziatregon	Aziatregon
Azieli	Azieli
Azinë	Asia
Azisë	ASIA
Aziza	Aziza
Azkahun	Azkahun
Azmavethi	Azmavethi
Azmavethit	Azmavethit
Aznoth	Aznoth
Azorë	Azores
Azori	Azores
Azorit	Azorite
Azot	Azote
Azotiështë	Nitrogen is
Azoto	Nitrogen
Azrieli	Azriel
Azrielit	Azrielite
Azrikam	Azrikam
Azrikami	Azrikami
Azrikamit	Azrikamit
Azriksani	Azriksani
Azubah	Azubah
Azuri	Azure
Azurit	Azurit
b	b
ba	not
Baal	Baal
Baala	Leaves
Baalah	Wings
Baalahu	Wings
Baalahut	Balahut
Baalath	Baalath
Baalathin	Baalath
Baale	Husband
Baalët	The Baals
Baalëve	Baals
Baali	They were
Baaliishte	Balishte
Baalin	Balin
Baalis	Police
Baalit	Baals
Baall	Baall
Baallhanani	Baallhanani
Baalmeoni	Baalmeon
Baana	Baana
Baanah	Baanah
Baanahu	Baanahu
Baanahut	Baanahut
Baanas	Baanas
Baasejahut	Base flours
Baasha	Basha
Baasham	Basham
Baashan	Bashan
Baashas	Bashas
baba	baba
babai	father
babait	father
baballarë	fathers
baballaret	fathers
baballarët	FATHERS
baballarëtë	fathers
baballarëvet	fathers
baban	father
babanë	father
babë	BABA
Babeli	Two
Babelit	babel
Babilona	Babylon
babilonase	BABYLONIAN
babilonasit	Babylonians
Babilonën	Babylon
Babiloni	Babylon
Babilonia	Babylon
Babiloniaishte	Babylonian
Babiloninë	Babylonia
Babilonisë	BABYLON
babune	babune
Babylona	Babylon
Babylonë	Babylon
Babylonënë	Babylon
Babylonësë	Babylon
Babylonisë	Babylonia
bafrën	to be free
bafrës	bafrês
bafsh	bafsh
bafsha	wash
bafshi	black
bafshin	the devil
bafshinë	childhood
baft	bow tie
baftë	BAFTA
bagazh	luggage
bagazheve	baggage
bagazhi	luggage
bagazhin	trunk
bagëlat	bagels
bagëti	livestock
bagëtia	cattle
bagëtie	livestock
bagëtiet	cattle
bagëtin	to cattle
bagëtinë	livestock
bagëtisë	LIVESTOCK
bagëtish	livestock
bagëtit	cattle is
bagëtitë	livestock
bagëtive	BRUTE
bagëtivet	cattle
Baharumi	Baharumi
bahei	bahei
bahej	was hold
bahem	bahem
bahemi	bahemi
bahenë	reason
baheni	funny
bahesh	bahesh
baheshim	baheshim
baheshinë	they were
bahet	Bahe
bahetë	bag
bahi	good
bahu	shoulder
Bahurim	Bahurim
Bahurimi	Bahurimi
baim	good
baimë	I'm afraid.
baish	low
baishie	Baishie
baishin	Baishi
baishinë	house
baishitë	the baishis
baj	charm
bajalldisjënë	nonsense
bajame	almond
bajameje	almond
bajames	almonds
bajamja	almond tree
bajë	Baja
bajën	Baje
bajënë	the bay
bajga	cow
bajgë	droppings
bajimë	almond
bajin	badge
bajinë	bay leaf
bajitë	the bays
bajm	bajm
bajmë	we do
bajn	Bayne
bajnë	Bayne
bajsh	baby
bajshin	the end
bajshinë	family
bajshitë	the family
bajta	bytes
bajtë	byte
Bakas	Trace
Bakasë	Bakas
Bakbakari	Bakbakari
Bakbukiahu	Bakbukiahu
Bakbukut	Bakbuku
bakçishnë	bakery
bakër	copper
bakërevet	coppersmiths
bakërit	Baker
bakërpunuesi	Coppersmiths
Bakërxhiu	The coppersmith
bakri	bakri
bakrin	Bakri
bakuth	they are
Balaami	Balaam
Balaamin	Balaam
Balaamit	Balaam
Baladani	Baladan
Baladanit	Baladanit
Balahu	Balahu
Balahun	The Battle
Balak	Plan
Balaku	My room
Balakun	Plan
Balakunë	Balakun
Balakut	Balakut
baldosash	baldosash
baldose	tile
baldosën	coney
baldosës	badgers
ball	ball
balladani	this ballad
Balladanit	Ballads
ballafaqohemi	deal
ballafaqohet	FACES
ballë	forehead
ballën	Balla
ballënat	foreheads
ballëra	forehead
balli	dances
ballicë	forehead
ballin	ballin
ballinat	headlines
ballit	FRONT
ballor	frontal
ballore	front
ballsam	balsam
ballt	cool
balsam	balsam
balsame	balm
balsameve	balms
balsami	balms
balsamimin	balsamimin
balsamin	spice
balsamit	mulberry
balsamosën	embalmed
balsamosnin	balsammosin
balsamosur	embalming
balsamuar	balsamuar
Balshanit	Bashan
balt	white
balta	white
balte	MUD
baltë	mud
baltën	the mud
baltënë	mud
baltës	Baltes
baltësë	mud
baltet	ballet
baltët	mud
baltëtë	mud
balti	Baltic
baltit	mud
baltta	baltta
balttë	mud
balttëtë	muddy
baltti	baltti
balttit	Baltics
bam	bam
bame	bame
bamë	Bame
bamës	bam
bamësa	mother-in-law
bamesë	betel nut
bamësish	parents
bamësit	the farmers
bamësitë	the parents
bamirës	charitable
bamirëse	charitable
bamirësi	charity
bamirësie	charity
bamirësinë	charity
bamirësitë	charities
bamitë	good deeds
Bamoth	Bamoth
Bamothi	Bamothi
ban	ban
bana	To me
Banaahun	Holiday
Banahun	Banahun
Banajahu	Banajhu
Banajahun	Banajhun
banda	band
bandat	bands
bandave	gangs
bande	band
bandë	bunch
bandën	Busts
Bandierë	Flag
bane	bane
banë	Banje
banesa	APARTMENTS
banesat	HOUSES
banesave	HOUSING
banesë	APARTMENT
banesën	DWELLING
banesës	APARTMENT
bango	they
bangot	bangot
bani	money
banim	HOUSING
banimin	residence
banimit	HOUSING
Banit	Bani
banjë	BATH A
banjësë	the bathroom
banjët	the baths
banjo	banjo
bankë	Bank
bankën	BANK
banket	knocked
bankete	banquet
banketesh	banquet
banketet	the banquet
banketi	banquets
banketin	the banquet
banketit	banquet
bankierëve	BANKERS
banmë	give me
bano	these
banoftë	dwell
banohej	inhabited
banohen	are inhabited
banoheni	inhabited
banohesh	you live
banoheshin	inhabited
banohet	inhabited
banoi	dwelt
banoj	dwell
banoja	I lived
banojë	dwell
banojmë	dwell
banojnë	LIVES
banon	resides
banoni	LIVE
banonin	dwelt
banonit	dwelt
banonte	dwelt
banor	paths
banore	residents
banorë	RESIDENTS
banorët	residents
banorëve	resident
banori	RESIDENT
banorin	Dweller
banorja	resident
banosh	dwell
bante	used
banuan	help
banuar	Residential
banuara	DWELLINGS
banuat	good
banuese	residential
banueshme	residential
bar	bar
bara	only
Baraba	Barabbas
Baraban	Drum
Barabanë	Barabbas
barabar	approximately
barabaris	barberry
barabarisemi	barberry
barabarisenë	equalize
barabarisjëmë	equalize
barabarisjënë	equality
barabarta	EQUAL
barabartë	equal
Barabba	Barabba
Barabbai	Barabbai
Barabbanë	Barabbane
Barabën	Barabbas
Barah	Cancer
Barahisë	Barahia
baraj	barrage
Barak	Barak
Barakelit	Barakelit
Barakias	Barakias
Baraku	Barack
Barakun	Barakun
Barakut	Barakut
baras	rod
barasvlerë	equivalence
barasvlerën	the equivalent
barasvlershëm	equivalent
barasvlershme	equivalent
barazi	EQUALITY
barazimi	Reconciliation
barazinë	EQUALITY
barazisë	parity
barazohen	Reconciliations
barazohet	equated
barazoni	equal
barazonin	even things
barazuar	equating
barbalis	barbalis
barbar	parallel
barbarë	barbarians
barbarët	Goths
barbarëtë	barbarians
barbarëve	barbarians
bardha	WHITE
bardhakçiut	white-haired
bardhaku	white
bardhatë	whiteness
bardhë	white
bardhën	white
bardhësi	whiteness
bardhëtë	white people
bardhëvet	white people
bardhoshe	Scrubbing
barë	Bare
barei	BAR
baren	the bar
barëna	medicine
barënat	boring machine
barënatë	shepherd
barenë	boring machine
barëra	Drugs
barërash	herbs
barërat	DRUGS
barëratë	herb
barëravet	herbs
bareshë	shepherdess
barësinë	the grass
baret	beret
baretë	barrette
Barhumi	Barhumi
bari	they were
Bariahu	Bariahu
barin	leave
barinë	shepherd
barinj	shepherds
barinjsh	shepherd
barinjtë	shepherds
barinjve	Pastors
barish	rain
barisht	herb
barishta	barista
barishtatë	herbivore
barishtavet	herbs
barishte	herb
barishtë	herb
barishteje	herbalist
barishtet	herbs
barishtja	herb
barit	Bari
baritë	shepherd
bariu	barium
bariun	shepherd
bariut	SHEPHERD
barivet	barbiturate
Barjezu	Barjezu
bark	bark
barka	goodbye
barkas	bark
barkat	boats
barkate	barket
barkatë	boat
barkavet	barkavet
barkazi	forgive
barke	outbreak
barkë	boat
barkën	boat
barkës	boat
barkët	stomachs
barkn	barkn
Barkos	Bark
Barkosit	Bark
barkpërtacë	lazy gluttons
barku	Stomach
barkun	belly
barkunë	belly
barkut	ABDOMINAL
Barnaba	Barnabas
Barnaban	Barnabas
Barnabas	Barnabas
Barnabë	Barnabas
Barnabën	Barnabas
Barnabënë	Barnabas
Barnabës	Barnabas
Barnabësë	Barnabas
Barnea	Internal
Barneas	Barneas
Barneu	Judge
barni	child
barnia	quarrel
barqe	barqe
barqet	bellies
barqetë	barge
barr	barr
barra	outside
barrat	barred
barre	barre
barrë	LIABILITY
barrën	BURDEN
barrënë	the burden
barrës	BURDEN
barrësë	pregnant
barrët	Liens
barrëtë	burdens
Barsaba	Barsaba
Barsabë	Barsabbas
bart	bart
barte	learned
bartej	bartej
bartëm	bore
barten	the mustache
bartën	Barten
bartës	bearer
bartet	haul
Bartholomenë	Bartholomenë
Bartholomeu	Bartholomew
barti	a party
Bartimeu	Bartimaeus
Bartimeut	Bartimeut
bartin	carry
bartina	bartina
bartinë	bar
bartni	carry
bartnin	carried
Bartolomeu	Bartholomew
Bartolomeun	Bartolomeun
bartun	barton
bartunë	bartuna
bartur	Transfer of
Baruk	Baruk
Baruku	Baruku
Barukun	Barukun
Barukut	Barefoot
Barzilai	Barzillai
Barzilain	Barzilain
Barzilait	Barzilait
basaduar	basaduar
Basanit	Basanit
Basemathës	Bashemath
Basemathi	Runners
Basemathin	Basemathin
Basemathit	Basemathit
basenet	basin
bash	bash
Bashabit	Bashabit
Bashan	Bashan
Bashana	Boys
Bashanësë	Bashan
Bashani	Bashan
Bashanin	Bashan
Bashaninë	Bashan
Bashanit	Bashanit
bashë	Bash
Bashematha	Bashmatha
Bashemathënë	Bashemathun
Bashemathësë	Bashemathea
bashi	debt
bashin	debt
bashkatdhetarëve	compatriot
bashkë	CO-
bashkëbanimin	conjugal rights
bashkëdishepujve	fellow
bashkëjetosh	Cohabitation
bashkëkohës	contemporary
bashkëkohësve	contemporaries
bashkëkombës	compatriots
bashkëkombësit	fellow
bashkëkombësve	fellow
bashkëluftëtarin	fellowsoldier
bashkëluftëtarit	fellow
bashkëmoshatarëve	peer
bashkëndërtuar	together,
bashkëpjesëtarë	partakers
bashkëpunëtorë	collaborators
bashkëpunëtorët	ASSOCIATES
bashkëpunëtori	Contributor
bashkëpunëtorin	Partner
bashkëpunëtorit	Collaborators
Bashkëpunimi	cooperation
bashkëpunojnë	collaborate
bashkëpunuar	COOPERATION
bashkëqytetarë	fellow
bashkërisht	JOINTLY
bashkëshërbëtorëve	fellow
bashkëshërbëtori	fellow
bashkëshort	MATE
bashkëshorte	wife
bashkëshortë	SPOUSES
bashkëshorten	wife
bashkëshortes	wife
bashkëshortesh	consort
bashkëshortet	wives
bashkëshortët	spouses
bashkëshorteve	consort
bashkëshorti	HUSBAND
bashkëshortin	TOGETHER
bashkëshortit	husband
bashkëshortja	consort
bashkëshortore	conjugal
bashkësi	communion
bashkësia	community
bashkësie	communion
bashkësinë	community
bashkësisë	community
bashkëtrashëgimtare	coheiress
bashkëtrashëgimtarë	fellow
bashkëveproi	interacted
bashkëveprojnë	together
bashkëvepron	interacts
bashkëvepronte	interacts
Bashkim	coupling
Bashkimi	Union
bashkimit	Union
bashko	Merge
bashkoftë	united
bashkohej	join
bashkohem	join
bashkohemi	join
bashkohen	join
bashkoheni	join
bashkohesh	united
bashkoheshin	join
bashkoheshinë	were joining
bashkohet	BECOME UNITED
bashkohi	unite
bashkohu	join
bashkohuni	join
bashkoi	united
bashkoj	Unite
bashkoje	ATTACH
bashkojë	unite
bashkojnë	join
bashkon	GATHERS
bashkona	we united
bashkonem	join
bashkonenë	neighbor
bashkonesh	unite
bashkonetë	roommate
bashkoni	Attach
bashkonjënë	neighbor
bashkonte	united
bashkosh	crossbreed
bashkova	joined
bashku	together
bashkua	joined
bashkuam	united
bashkuan	together
bashkuanë	together
bashkuar	UNITED
bashkuara	UNITED
bashkuarë	united
bashkuarit	coming together
bashkuat	you join
bashkudhëtarë	companion
bashkue	be united
bashkuem	we joined
bashkuemesë	unifying
bashkuemit	united
Bashshebethi	Bashshebethi
bashto	bashto
Basmethin	Basmethin
bast	bast
bastard	bastard
bastione	bastion
bastisin	Ransack
bastun	sauna
bastunët	rods
bastuni	sticks
bastunin	staff
bastunit	walking sticks
bat	one
batak	batak
bataku	bataku
batakut	batakut
batanije	blankets
bate	bate
batë	Bate
Bath	Bath
bathë	bean
Bathshevaja	Bathshebaja
Bathuilit	Bathylite
baticat	tides
bato	stone
batoja	shoes
batos	bathos
Batshebën	Bathsheba
Batsluthit	Batsluthit
Bavait	Baavait
baz	base
baza	base
bazat	based
bazë	CoRe
Bazemathës	Basemath
bazën	BASE
bazërgjan	basic
Bazlithit	Bad luck
bazohesh	rely
bazohet	is based
bazuar	BASED
bdeli	crazy
bdelit	bdelit
be	be
bë	DONE
Bealiahu	Bealiahu
Bealothi	Belothi
Bebai	Bebai
Bebait	Drink
beben	quake
bebet	Babies
bebja	baby
bëç	do
bëçë	did
Bedadit	Bedadit
Bedani	Differentiate
Bedanin	Different
Bedejahu	Bedejahu
bedenat	battlement
Beelida	The tribe
Beelzebub	Beelzebub
Beelzebubin	Beelzebubin
Beelzebubit	Beelzebub
Beelzebul	Beelzebub
Beelzebuli	Beelzebub
Beelzebulin	Beelzebulin
Beelzebulit	Beelzebulit
Beer	Beer
Beera	Farm
Beerahu	Farms
Beeri	Farm
Beerit	Beer
Beeroth	Beeroth
Beerothi	Beerothi
Beerothit	Beerothit
beerothitët	Beerothites
beerothitit	beerothitit
Beersheba	Beersheba
Beeshterahun	Beeshterahun
befas	suddenly
befasi	surprise
befasisht	surprisingly
bëfç	baby
bëfça	baby
bëfçi	baby
bëfi	do
bëfsh	May you become
bëfshi	Let them be
bëfshim	May we
bëfshin	Let them be
bëfshinë	childhood
bëfshinën	they made
bëftë	meal
befti	befty
begata	prosperous
begatë	prosperous
begati	weal
begatia	prosperity
begatie	prosperity
begatinë	prosperity
begatisë	Bountiful
begatisht	richly
begatohen	prosper
begatohet	wisely
begatoi	to prosper
begatova	bestowed
begatshëm	Delights
begatuan	prospered
begatuar	blessed
begenisur	begenisur
beharnat	beharnat
bëhej	Be Done
bëhem	PROVE
bëhemi	become
behemothin	behemothin
behën	Behe
bëhen	BECOME
bëhenë	become
bëheni	bECOME
bëhesh	BECOMING
bëhesha	BECOMING
bëheshe	BECOMING
bëheshim	be among
bëheshin	Wrought
bëheshit	you became
bëhet	Behe
bëhi	Behin
bëhu	Become
bëhuni	JOIN
bëijnë	they do
bëj	I DO
beja	beja
bëja	do
bëjani	Let your
bëje	MAKE
bëjë	DO
bëjëm	we do
bëjëmë	do it
bëjënë	do
bëjeni	Make
bëjëtë	do it
bëji	ASK
bëjini	Make
bëjm	WE DO
bëjmë	we do
bëjn	it relates
bëjnë	RELATED
bëjsh	Baysh
bëju	Let it
Bëjua	let them know
bëjuni	Ask the
beka	scholarship
bëka	Beka
bekah	bekah
bekçitë	the becks
bëkej	became
Bekeri	Bakery
Bekerit	Bekerit
bekeritëve	Bachrites
bekim	BLESSING
bekime	BLESSINGS
bekimet	blessings
bekimeve	blessing
bekimi	blessing
bekimin	blessing
bekiminë	the blessing
bekimit	blessing
bekimnë	blessing
beko	backhoe
bekofsh	undisclosed
bekofshin	bekofshin
bekoftë	bless
bekohen	blessed
bekohet	blessed
bekohetë	blessed
bekoi	blessed
bekoimë	we bless
bekoj	beaks
bekoje	bless
bekojë	bless
bekojëmë	bless me
bekojënë	blessing
bekojeni	bless
Bekojini	Bekojini
bekojmë	we bless
bekojnë	bless
bekojsh	bless you
Bekomë	Bless
bekon	bacon
bekonenë	bacon
bekonetë	bacon
bekoni	bless
bekonin	blessed
bekonj	bacon
bekonjç	backbench
bekonjë	blessing
bekonjënë	blessing
bekonte	blessing
Bekorathit	Bekorathit
bekosh	bachelor
bekova	bekova
bekove	backs
bekuam	bekuam
bekuan	clot
bekuanë	blessed
bekuar	HOLY
bekuara	blessed
bekuarë	blessed
bekuaret	blessings
bekuarët	the blessed ones
bekuari	blessed
bekuarit	the blessed
bekuarve	the blessed
bekuem	frozen
bekueme	blessed
bekuemit	blessed
Bekum	Bekum
bekume	it was standing
bekumë	blessed
Bekumit	Bekum
bel	bel
Bela	Bela
Belahu	Be careful.
Belahut	Bela
belaitëve	Belaite
Belas	Twelve
belbëronjënë	Belbrønje
belbësuarë	stutterer
belbëzojnë	they stutter
belbëzon	stutter
belbuq	belbuq
belburon	belburon
Belës	Bela
Beli	Buy
Belialin	Belialin
Belialinë	Belial
Belialit	Belials
Beliari	Beliari
belin	belin
belit	twisted
Bella	Bella
Bellahu	Bellahu
Belshatsar	Belshatsar
Belshatsari	Belshatsari
Belshatsarit	Belshatsarit
Beltshatsar	Belteshazzar
bëm	BEM
bëma	feats
bëmat	Bema
bëmave	acts
bëmë	did
ben	ben
bën	BEN
bëna	Do to us
Benajah	benajaah
Benajahu	Benaiah
Benajahun	Benaiah
Benajahut	Benaiah
Benajathi	benajathi
bënani	do it
bënat	the things
bënç	do it
bene	Well
benë	Benet
bëne	Benet
bënë	Benet
bëneç	doer
bënei	do it
bënej	was done
bënejnë	they do
bënem	I become
bënemi	we become
bënen	to do
bënenë	they are made
bëneni	do it
bënesh	you are done
bëneshim	we became
bëneshin	were made
bëneshinë	were made
bëneshitë	the benefactors
bënet	Benet
bënetë	Benett
Benhanani	Benhanan
Beni	Me
bëni	do
Beniamin	BENJAMIN
Beniaminëve	Benjamin
Beniamini	Darlings
Beniaminin	Beniamin's
beniaminit	Benjamin
beniaminite	beniaminite
beniaminitë	Benjamites
beniaminitët	Benjamin
beniaminitëve	Benjamin
beniaminiti	beniaminiti
beniaminitin	Benjamin's
beniaminitit	Benjaminite
Benianimit	Benianimite
bënie	benin
bënieni	do it
bënim	do
bënin	do
bëninë	do it
Beninu	Beninu
bënishëm	doable
bënishnë	do it
bënit	benin
bënitë	you were
bënj	do
bënjam	let's do
Benjamini	Benjamini
Benjaminit	Benjamin
Benjaminitvlerësohej	Benjamin was valued
Benjamitit	Benjaminites
bënjani	do it
bënjç	do
bënje	Benja
bënjë	inflict
bënjëmë	let's do it
bënjën	they did
bënjënë	do it
bënjinë	the child
Beno	Well
Benobi	Benobi
Benothin	Benothin
bënte	make
bëntej	was doing
bënu	Benue
bënuni	become
Beoni	Beoni
Beorit	Beorit
Beqeri	Beqer
ber	before
bër	Ber
bëra	Bera
Berajahu	Traveling
Berakahu	Thank you.
Berakiahu	Say goodbye
Berakiahut	End of the world
Berakun	Account
berat	weight
bërat	doings
bëratë	you did it
Beraut	Berat
berberi	barber
Bere	His/her
bëre	done
bërë	DONE
Berea	Berea
Bereaështë	Berea is
Bereasi	React
Beredi	Beredi
Beredit	It is written
Berekiahu	Berekiahu
Berekiahut	Berekiahut
bërënë	Berent
Berenike	Bernice
Berenikja	Berenice
berenjtë	the bears
bërës	doer
bërëset	doer
bërësi	maker
Bërësin	Maker
bërësish	makers
bërësitë	the actions
bërët	done
bërëtë	beret
Beri	Give
bëri	He did
Beria	Beria
Beriah	Beriah
beriahitëve	beriahitëve
Beriahu	Beriahu
Beriahut	Beriahut
berili	beryllium
berinë	the berine
bëritë	you did
Berith	Berith
Berithin	Berithin
Berithit	Berith
bërja	making
bërjen	making
Bernika	Bernice
Berodak	Wheelchair
beronjë	barren
Beronjën	Beronje
beronjësë	orphan
Berothahi	berothahi
Berothai	Berothai
Berothi	Berothi
berr	berry
berra	berra
berrash	berrash
berrat	heavy
berri	new
berrin	again
berrnë	they are coming
bërryl	elbow
bërryll	elbow
bers	bers
bërtas	yell
bërtasë	cry
bërtasënë	shout
bërtasësh	cry
bërtasin	shouting
bërtasinë	the scream
bërtasnë	they shout
bërtet	shouts
bërtisinë	the scream
bërtisni	cry
bërtisnin	cried
bërtiste	shouted
bërtit	Cry
bërtita	screamed
bërtitëm	cried
bërtitën	cried
bërtiti	cried
bërtitjeje	shouting
bërtitnë	shout
bërtitni	shout
bërtitnin	cried
bërtitshinë	shout
bërtitun	they shouted
bërtitunat	the screams
bërtitunë	we shouted
bërtituni	shout
bërtitunit	you screamed
bërtitur	shouting
bërtiturë	shouting
bërtituri	yell
bërtiturit	the shouting
beryll	beryll
bes	bes
besa	trust
Besait	Besaït
besatari	besatari
bese	then
besë	trust
besëlidhja	COVENANT
besëlidhje	COVENANT
besëlidhjeje	covenant
besëlidhjen	covenant
besëlidhjes	COVENANT
besëlidhjet	covenants
besën	besa
besënë	faith
besënia	faith
besënik	faithful
besënin	they believed
besëninë	loyalty
besënisë	loyalty
besënivet	beliefs
besëpakë	little faith
besërat	beliefs
besëratë	betrothal
besërin	faith
besërisë	faith
besërivet	beliefs
besës	besa
besësë	Besa
beset	beset
besët	covenants
besëtar	trustee
besëtare	confidant
besëtarë	believers
besëtarët	believers
besëtarëtë	believers
besëtarëvet	believers
besëtari	trustee
besëtarin	the betrothed
besëtarinë	the covenant
besëtarit	trustees
besëtë	trust
besëve	believers
besëvet	beliefs
bësh	Besh
bëshë	Besh
besi	iron
besim	FAITH
besimi	CONFidENCE
besimin	FAITH
besimit	fAITH
besimpak	little faith
besimpakë	unbelieving
besimpakët	little faith
besimtar	RELIGIOUS
besimtare	believing
besimtarë	FAITH
besimtareje	believer
besimtarësh	believer
besimtarët	BELIEVERS
besimtarëve	BELIVERS
besimtari	religiousness
besimtarin	believer
besimtarja	believer
besin	food
besinë	faith
besit	possess
besnik	FAITHFUL
besnike	loyal
besnikë	loyal
besnikëri	loyalty
besnikëria	faithfulness
besnikërie	loyalty
besnikërinë	LOYALTY
besnikërisë	LOYALTY
besnikërisht	faithfully
besnikët	Loyal
besnikëve	faithful
besniku	FAITHFUL
beso	kiss
besoç	believer
Besodejahut	Besodeiah
besofç	trust
besofçi	beggar
besofçim	besofçim
besofçinë	trust
besofsh	believe me
besofshi	disbelieve
besofshin	disbelieve
besofshinë	faith
besoftë	his orders
besohet	It is believed
besohetë	it is believed
besoi	BELIEVED
besoijn	besoin
besoijnë	they believe
besoimë	we believed
besoishitë	believers
besoj	BELIEVE
besoja	BELIEVE
besojë	entrust
besojëmë	trust me
besojën	they believed
besojënë	believe in
besojëtë	believe
besojin	Trust
besojinë	faith
besojm	BELIEVE
besojmë	BELIEVE
besojn	believe
besojnë	trust
besojsh	believe
besojshinë	trustworthiness
besoju	appoint
besojua	besojua
besojuni	besojuni
Besoma	We are drying.
besomë	believe me
besomëni	believe me
beson	BELIEVE
besonej	without
besonetë	be faithful
besoni	BELIEVE
besonim	trust
besonin	believed
besonit	Besson
besoniu	believe it
besonjë	believe me
besonjënë	believe in one
besonte	believed
Besor	Big
Besorit	Besorit
besosh	BELIEVE
besova	I believe
besove	you have believed
bestarëvet	the bestiary
besua	entrusted
besuam	believed
besuan	believed
besuanë	believers
besuar	BELIEVING
besuara	trusted
besuarë	trusted
besuari	trusted
besuarinë	trust
besuat	Believers
besuatë	believers
besuem	kiss
besueme	besueme
besuen	arms
besuenë	trusted
besues	confiding
besueshëm	trustworthy
besueshme	reliable
besueshmin	faithful
besuet	kiss
besuetë	believers
besuëtë	visited
besutë	believers
bet	but
Betabara	Betabara
Betah	Comfortable
bëtaja	beast
bëtajë	beast
Betani	Bethany
Betania	Bethany
Betaniaashtu	Bethany
Betaniajanë	Bethany
Betanisë	Bethany
bëtë	Battle
beteja	BATTLE
betejash	battle
betejat	battles
beteje	battleground
betejë	battle
betejën	battle
betejës	war was
Betelit	Bethelite
Betenin	Betenin
Betesda	Bethesda
Betfaga	Bethphage
Betfage	Betfage
Betfagë	Bethphage
Betfagës	Bethphage
Beth	Beth
Bethabara	Bethabara
Bethani	Bethany
Bethania	Bethany
Bethanisë	Bethany
Bethel	Bethel
Bethela	Crucify
bethelë	betel nut
Bethelësë	Bethelites
Betheli	Bethel
Bethelin	Bethelin
Bethelit	Bethelit
Bethella	Bethella
Bethellë	Bethel
Bethellësë	Bethelese
Bethesda	Bethesda
Bethfage	Bethfage
Bethfagi	Bethfagi
Bethleem	Bethlehem
Bethleemit	Bethleemit
Bethlehem	Bethlehem
Bethlehemi	Bethlehemi
Bethsaida	Bethsaida
Bethsaidasë	Bethsaida
bethshemitit	Bethshemites
Bethuel	Bethuel
Bethueli	Bethuel
Bethuelit	Bethuelit
Bethulin	Bethulin
betim	betim
betime	OATHS
betimet	oath
betimeve	oaths
betimi	OATH
betimin	Pledge
betimit	oath
Betlehem	Bethlehem
Betlehemështë	Bethlehem is
Betlehemi	Bethlehem
Betlem	Bethlehem
Betlemi	Bethlehem
Betlemin	Betlemin
Betlemit	Bethlehem
Betlemiti	Bethlehem
Betlemitit	Bethlehemites
beto	beto
betohej	oath
betohem	I swear
betohen	swear
betoheni	swear
betohesh	swear
betoheshe	swore
betoheshin	swear
betohet	swears
betohu	bet
betohuni	Swear
betoj	beets
betomu	betomu
betonej	concrete
betonenë	concrete
betonetë	concrete blocks
betoni	concrete
Betonim	concreting
betova	betova
betove	enchant
Betsai	Betsai
Betsaida	Betsaida
Betsaidagjendet	Bethsaida Day End
Betsaidas	Bethsaida
Betsaidë	Bethsaida
Betsaidëishin	Betsaidëishin
Betsaidës	Bethsaida
Betsait	Betsai
Betsaleeli	Bezalel
Betsaleelin	Betsaleelin
Betseri	Betseri
Betserin	The pickling
betua	swore
betuan	swore
betuar	swore
betuarë	sworn
betue	betue
Betzata	Betzah
Bezait	Same
bëzajnë	they are noisy
Bezaleeli	Bezalel
Bezaleelinë	Bezalel
Bezaleilinë	Bezalel
bezdis	tease
bezdisim	trouble
bezdisin	bother
bezdiste	bothered
Bezek	Bezek
Bezeku	Customer
Bezekun	Bezekun
Bezerënë	Bezerra
Biblës	Bible
bicune	two-cornered
Bidkarit	Bidkarite
bie	flop
bieç	grass
biem	fall
biemë	Biem
bien	GOOD
bienë	fall back
bier	beer
biere	beers
bierë	Bier
Bierëma	Beer
bierëmë	we drank
bieri	beer
bieriu	beer
biermë	beer
bierrat	bierrat
bierrë	drunk
bierri	Tuesday
bierrshinë	beer
bierrun	bierrun
biesh	bow
bieshkat	bieshkat
bieshkavet	bieshkavet
Bigtani	Bigtani
Bigthan	Bigthan
Bigthanan	Bigthanan
Bigvai	Bigvai
Bigvain	Bigvain
Bigvait	Bigvait
bihei	bihei
bihej	shake
bihemi	bihemi
bihen	bihen
bihenë	beast
biheni	where are you
biheshë	beast
biheshim	biheshim
biheshin	biheshin
biheshinë	they were falling
bihetë	beast
bihi	month
bij	bee
bija	was
bijash	bijash
bijat	daughters
bijatë	daughters
bijave	daughters
bijavet	daughters
bije	it beats
bijë	DAUGHTER
bijemë	daughter-in-law
bijen	bees
bijën	daughter
bijenë	daughter
bijënë	daughter
bijës	daughter
bijësë	daughter
bijesh	bijesh
bijet	daughter
bijëza	daughter
bijëzë	daughter
bijinë	daughter
bijn	live
bijnë	fall
bijni	almost
bijsh	bijsh
bijshin	bijshin
bijshinë	daughter-in-law
bijt	bite
bijte	children
bijtë	children
bijve	The Children
bijvet	additional grease
Bikath	Bikath
Bikrit	Bikrit
bil	was
bila	when
bilat	white
bilatë	billiards
bilave	bilaves
bilavet	billed
Bilbah	Bilbah
Bildadi	Car dad
bile	even    
bilë	bile
Bileamin	Bileamin
bilën	the bile
bilënë	the bull
bilës	bile
bilësë	bull
Bilgahu	Bilgahu
Bilgahut	Bilgahut
Bilgai	Bilga
Bilhah	Bilhah
Bilhaha	Bilhaha
Bilhahënë	Bilhahne
Bilhahës	Bilhah
Bilhahësë	Bilhah
Bilhahut	Bilhahut
Bilhani	Bilhani
Bilhanit	Bilhan
biliknë	room
Billhahësë	Billahesa
Bilshani	Bilshani
Bilshanin	Bilshanin
bilure	bilure
bim	bim
bima	bima
bimani	translations bimani
bimat	bimat
bimatë	plant
bimë	PLANT
bimën	plant
bimënë	the plant
bimëni	plant
bimëra	plants
bimërat	plants
bimës	CREATION
bimësë	plant
bimësia	vegetation
bimësie	vegetation
bimësinë	vegetation
bimët	plants
bimëza	shoot
Bimhali	Bimli
bin	bin
bina	building
binaja	binaya
binan	binan
binanë	binary
binara	binary
binarat	binarat
binat	young man
bind	bind
binda	tie
binde	bind
bindë	convict
bindej	obey
bindem	OBEY
bindemi	obey
binden	bind
bindën	hearkened
bindenë	obey
bindeni	Convince
bindëse	compelling
bindesh	OBEY
bindëshime	beliefs
bindeshin	hearkened
bindeshinë	obedience
bindeshit	bindeshit
bindet	binds
bindët	hearkened
bindetë	obedient
bindi	bindi
bindim	I got on
bindishitë	bindish
bindja	OBEDIENCE
bindje	CERTAINTY
bindjëmë	convince me
bindjen	CONVINCED
bindjes	conviction
bindjeve	conviction
bindju	OBEY
bindjuni	OBEY
bindm	bindm
bindnë	I agree.
bindni	convince
bindte	convince
bindunë	obeyed
binduni	Obey
bindur	CONVINCED
bindura	bind
bindurë	obedient
bindurit	obedience
binë	Binet
Binea	Binea
bini	building
binia	binia
binin	Get in a ride
bininë	the binine
Binjak	twin
binjake	twin
binjakë	twins
binjakët	Gemini
Binjaku	Didymus
binjë	twin
Binjok	Binjok
binte	binta
bintnë	are you
bintunë	our son
Binu	Angry
Binui	Binui
Binuit	He doubled.
bir	One
birat	to choose
bire	I'd like to send a message by e-mail
birë	puncture
biremi	Biremi
birenë	beer
bireni	one of them
birënia	sonship
birënie	adoption
birënin	the son
birëria	adoption
birërimin	adoption
birërinë	adoption of sons
birërisë	adoption
bireshë	mother-in-law
birësimin	INTERCOUNTRY ADOPTION
birësohemi	adoption
birësuar	adopted
birësues	ADOPTION
biret	one piece
biretë	burette
biri	one
birie	beer
birin	move to
birinë	son
birishnë	son
birit	diarrhea
birjani	stock exchange
birmani	Burmese
birmëni	Burmese
birmini	Birmini
birn	son
birnë	son
birni	city
birr	beer
birrë	BEER
Birshës	Birsha
birt	published
biruem	biruem
Birzavithit	Birzavithit
biseda	conversation
bisedat	TALKS
bisedave	conversation
bisedoi	TALKED
Bisedoni	TALK
bisedonin	TALK
bisedonit	discuss your
bisedonte	talk
biseduar	chatting
bisha	month
bishash	big
bishat	beasts
bishave	beasts
bishavet	beasts
bishe	they killed
bishë	beast
bishën	beast
bishënë	two
bishës	beast
bishësë	beasts
bishëtë	beasts
bishëvet	beasts
Bishlami	Bishlami
bisht	tail
bishta	tails
bishtat	butts
bishtave	tails
bishtëna	tails
bishtënat	the stems
bishtëra	tails
bishtërat	tails
bishti	tail
bishtin	tails
bishtinë	tail
bishtit	tail
bishtrat	tails
Bisqet	Bisqet
bistakët	clusters
bistër	Bistra
bithë	was
Bithiahut	Bithiah
Bithronin	Bithronin
Bithyni	Bithyni
Bitini	Bithynia
BitiniaKëto	BitiniaKëto
Bitinisë	Bithynia
bitum	bitumen
bitumi	bitumen
biu	biu
Bizjothjahu	Bijothjahu
Bizthan	Bizthan
bjen	falls
bjer	sound
bjere	fall
bjerë	BRING
bjeri	Strike
bjerini	berlin
bjermëni	German
bjeru	beer
bjeruni	berlin
blasfeme	blaspheme
blasfemi	blasphemy
blasfemia	blasphemy
blasfemie	blasphemy
blasfeminë	blasphemy
blasfemitë	blasphemies
blasfemo	blasphemous
blasfemohet	blaspheme
blasfemoi	blasphemed
blasfemojë	blasphemes
blasfemojnë	blaspheme
blasfemon	blasphemy
blasfemonin	blasphemed
blasfemuan	blasphemed
blasfemuar	blasphemously
blasfemues	blasphemer
Blastit	blasti
blatim	blabbering
blatime	blatime
blatimet	blatimet
blatimeve	offerings
blatimi	offering
blatimin	offering
blatimit	offering
blatohen	offering to
blatuar	offered to the
ble	became
bleç	beech
blefsh	blefsh
blegërima	lowing
blegërimë	bleat
blegtori	farming
bleijnë	they buy
blej	BUY
blejë	buy
blejëmë	buy me
blejënë	buy
blejinë	the purchase
blejmë	BUYING
blejnë	BUY
blejshinë	shopping
blem	problem
blemë	bought
blen	buys
Blena	Blenna
blenë	bought
bleni	Get
blenjë	purchase
blerë	buy
blerësi	The buyer
blerësin	buyer
blerësit	buyers
blerët	buy
blerit	Blair
blerje	purchase
blerjen	PURCHASE
blerjes	PURCHASE
blerosh	verdant
blerta	green
blertë	green
blesh	buying
bleta	bee
bletë	bee
bletësh	Bee
bletët	bees
bletëve	bee
bletëvet	bees
bleu	blue
bleva	bought
bleve	became
bli	become
blihen	purchased
blihet	Wanted
blihetë	purchased
Blij	Pleased
Blije	Happy
blijshin	happyshin
Blina	Tired
blini	BUY
blinin	buy
blininë	blinis
blinte	buy
bllokojeni	block it
bloza	soot
blozë	soot
blozën	blight
bluaj	blue
bluajë	grind
bluajënë	the mill
bluajnë	grinding
bluani	grind
bluante	he thought
bluar	grinding
bluatë	millet
blueitunë	blueitune
bluhet	digest
Boanerges	Boanerges
Boaz	Boaz
Boazi	Boaz
Boazit	Boazit
Bobo	Bobo
Boezi	Boes
Boezit	Boaz
Bohanit	Bohanit
bojë	RED
Bokeru	Bokeru
Bokim	Book
Bokskathi	Boxkathi
boll	boll
bollëk	ABUNDANT
bollëku	abundance
bollëkun	The abundance
bollëkut	abundance
bollshëm	plentiful
bollshme	ABUNDANT
bolluk	plenty
bonjakë	comfortless
Boozi	Booz
Boozit	Boozit
bor	there is
bora	best
borç	debt
borçinë	the burden
borçli	borchli
borçlit	borzlit
borçnë	debt
bordin	BOARD
borë	snow
borën	snow
borës	SNOW
borësë	snowmen
bori	win
borie	borie
borinë	trumpet
borinkënë	horn
borisë	trumpet
boritë	trumpets
borive	trumpets
borizanët	trumpeters
borizanëve	trumpeters
borizani	borisians
boroli	boroli
borxh	debt
borxhe	debts
borxhet	debt
borxheve	debts
borxhin	debt
borxhli	debtor
bosh	head
boshe	idle
Boshethi	The Shetty
Boshethin	Boshethin
Boshethit	Boshethit
boshllëkut	gap
bosht	shaft
boshtet	Axes
boshtin	axis
Bosorit	Bored
bota	throw
bote	bottle
botë	THE WORLD
botën	THE WORLD
botënë	's world
botërisht	avowedly
botës	THE WORLD
botesë	world
botësë	world
botet	little boat
botët	worlds
Botsets	Botsek
Botskathi	Botskathi
Botsrah	Botsrah
Botsrahu	Botsrahu
Botsrahun	Botsrahun
Botsrahut	Bozrah
Boznai	Boznai
Bozrah	Bozrah
Bozraha	Bozrah
braktis	chuck
braktisa	cast
braktise	abandon
braktisë	LEAVE
braktisen	abandoned
braktisën	abandoned
Braktiseni	forsake
braktisësh	abandon
braktiset	chuck
braktisët	chuck
braktisi	shelved
braktisim	abandon
braktisin	leave
braktisja	abandonment
braktisje	abandonment
Braktisjuni	Blind
braktisni	leave
braktisnin	leave
braktistë	forsake
braktisur	Relinquish
braktisura	ABANDONED
braktisurës	desolate
brambullima	brambulla
bravat	bravat
bravës	Braves
bravurënë	locksmith
bravurin	bravura
bravurinë	bravery
bravurit	bravura
brazat	brazat
brazda	furrow
brazdat	furrows
brazdave	furrows
brazdën	furrow
bre	bre
bredh	POPLAR
bredhat	firs
bredhate	wandering
bredhatë	wanderer
bredhë	strayed
bredhi	FIR
bredhin	wander
bredhjes	wanderings
bredhur	Sailing
breg	bank
bregdetar	COAST
bregdetare	Coast
bregdeti	The coast
bregëzua	reached the shore
bregore	hummock
bregu	bank
bregun	coast
bregut	coast
brehen	brew
brejë	eat them
brejnë	gnaw
brejtës	corrosive
brejti	rodent
brejtje	corrosion
brejtur	tom
brekë	panties
brekët	KIDS
bren	bren
brenda	brenda
brënda	WITHIN
brëndazi	inside
brëndazit	inside
brëndën	inside
brendëshëmi	interiority
brëndëshm	internal
brëndëshmë	interior
brendësia	INTERIOR
brendësinë	interior
brendësisë	INNER
brëndësmeja	the inside
brëndësmenë	introvert
brendinë	contents
brendshëm	INTERNAL
brendshme	INTERNAL
brendshmen	the inside
brendshmet	bowels
brendshmi	internally
brendshmit	insiders
brenga	concern
brengat	CONCERNS
brengë	CONCERN
brengën	concern
brengës	sorrow
brengos	grieve
brengosem	languish
brengosen	worry
brengosët	mourn
brengosin	afflict
brengosja	concern
brengosni	worry
brengoste	worried
brengosur	CONCERNED
brenjë	heart
brenjënë	inside
bres	bres
breshën	they rained
breshënë	hail
breshënit	hail
breshër	hail
breshërë	hail
breshëri	HAIL
breshërit	HAIL
breshri	breshri
breshrin	hail
breshrit	hail
bresn	bresn
brest	brest
bretëkosa	frog
bretëkosat	frogs
bretëkosatë	frogs
bretëri	kingship
bretkosa	frog
bretkosat	frogs
bretkosave	frogs
brez	without
breza	birch
brezash	generation
brezat	GENERATIONS
brezatë	generations
brezave	generations
brezavet	birch
brezë	Brest
brezi	gENERATION
brezin	RANGE
brezinë	Brezina
brezit	GENERATION
brezn	brezn
brezni	generation
breznia	pregnancy
breznie	pregnant
brezninë	generation
breznisë	the generation
breznitë	generations
breznive	generations
bri	bri
bridhja	Bridhe
brigjet	shores
brigjeve	BANKS
brigjevet	the shores
brij	brij
brijnë	horn
brijt	mush
brilanti	brilliant
brimë	hole of the post
brina	juniper
brinat	braised
brinatë	brinate
brinavet	brinavet
brinë	leave
brini	worry
brinin	the brain
brininë	rib
brinj	ribs
brinja	worries
brinjë	ribs
brinjën	the rib
brinjënë	the rib
brinjësë	ribs
brinjët	ribs
brinjëvet	ribs
brinjt	brinjt
brir	briar
brira	shine
brirë	horny
brirësh	horned
brirët	horns
Brirëtjanë	Horned
brirëve	horns
briri	The horn
bririn	horn
bririnë	the horn
bririt	horn
brish	brish
brishtë	fragile
brisk	brisk
brisku	razor
brit	brit
britë	ribs
briti	British
britma	scream
britmat	screams
britmave	shout
britme	britme
britmë	cry
britmën	cry
britmës	Shouting
britnë	they cry
britunë	Briton
britunit	Britons
briturë	thorn
briturit	the screamers
brodhën	they wandered
brof	test
brofi	test
brohoras	cheer
brohorasë	chant
brohorasim	acclaim
brohorasin	cheer
brohori	applause
brohorie	cheers
brohorijënë	the cheer
brohorijmë	we cheer
brohorijturë	cheers
brohorimë	cheers
brohorinë	hailing
brohorini	cheer
brohorinj	cheers
brohorinjënë	cheering
brohorisni	cheering
brohoriste	shouted
brohorit	acclaim
brohoritje	acclamation
brohoritjesh	shouts
brohoritjet	cheers
brohoritjeve	cheers
brohoritni	shout
brohoritnin	cried
brohoritur	shouted
brokash	brokash
brokave	pitchers
brokë	pitcher
bronz	bronze
bronzi	bronzes
bronzin	bronze
bronzit	bronze
brubullima	brubullima
brukë	tamarisk
brukën	terebinth
brumbullimit	beetle
brumë	dough
brumën	the dough
brumërash	Dumpling
brumesh	brumesh
brumët	dough
brumëtë	dough
brumi	dough
brumin	dough
bruminë	the dough
brumit	dough
brumma	growl
brumosi	foggy
brumosur	kneaded
brutalë	brutal
bruz	turquoise
bryma	frost
brymë	rime
brymën	frost
brymënë	frost
buaj	buffalo
buajt	buffalo
buajve	bulls
buall	buffalo
bualli	Buffalo
buallin	Buffalo
buallit	buffalo
bubullima	thunder
bubullimash	thunders
bubullimat	thunders
bubullimatë	thunderbolt
bubullimave	thunder
bubullime	thunderclap
bubullimë	thunder
bubullimën	lightning
bubullimës	thunder
bubullimëse	thunderous
bubullimësë	thunder
bubullin	fulminate
bubulliti	thunder
bubulloi	thundered
bubuqetë	owl
buca	Buca
buçasë	didst
buçasin	buçasin
bucela	bucela
bucelat	hubs
buçima	blast
buçimë	rumble
buçimën	the noise
buçisni	kiss
budalla	FOOL
budallaçka	foolish
budallaçkat	foolish
budallaçkë	silly
budallai	A fool
budallait	foolish
budallallëk	foolery
budallallëku	folly
budallallëkun	folly
budallallëkut	folly
budallallëqe	folly
budallanë	silly
budallaqe	stupid
budallaqja	foolish
budallenj	STUPID
budallenjtë	fools
budallenjve	fools
bufi	owl
bufin	bufin
bufonërira	clownery
bujar	GENEROUS
bujare	generous
bujarë	lavish
bujari	GENEROSITY
bujarie	generosity
bujarinë	GENEROSITY
bujarisë	bounty
bujarisht	FREELY
bujë	rage
bujëresha	generous
bujk	farmer
bujku	The farmer
bujkun	buy
bujkut	farmer
bujq	FARMER
bujqë	FARMER
bujqër	ploughmen
bujqëret	farmers
bujqëritë	agriculture
bujqësi	agriculture
bujqësore	FARM
bujqet	farmers
bujqish	to bend
bujqit	farmers
bujqitë	farmers
bujqtë	farmers
bujqve	farmers
bujshëm	Breaking
bujtës	host
bujtinë	hospice
bujtinës	inn
bujtnim	whom we should lodge
buk	buk
buka	open
buke	book
bukë	bread
bukëfiqe	figs
bukën	bread
bukënë	the bread
bukëpiekëjesë	bakery
bukëpiekësi	baker
bukëpiekësin	the baker
bukëpiekësit	bakers
bukëpjekësi	baker
bukër	baker
bukëra	scumbag
bukës	bread
bukësë	bread
bukët	bread
bukëtë	breads
bukëve	bread
bukëvet	breads
Buki	Feast
Bukiahu	Bukiahu
Bukit	Hill
bukur	beautifully
bukura	beautiful
bukuratë	beauties
bukurë	unbelievably happy
bukurënë	beauty
bukuri	beauty
bukuria	beauty
bukurie	beauty
bukurin	beauty
bukurinë	beauty
bukuris	beauty
bukurisë	beauty
bukurit	beautiful
bukurshkruesi	the scribe
bula	open
bulat	round
bulë	bull
bulën	lobe
bulëzuar	budded
bulica	bulica
bulicë	bubble
bulicësë	bubble tea
bulit	party
bulkthi	bulk
bulku	katydid
bulmitni	bullfight
bulmuarë	dairy products
bulmuem	bulmuem
buloi	buloi
bulos	hoaxes
bulosët	bulls
bulosi	brush
bulosimë	bullish
bulosish	communication
bulosnë	open
bulosunë	bulls
buluar	feather
buluron	buluron
bumbullima	bubble
bumbullimash	bubblemash
bumbullimatë	thunderbolts
bumbullime	bubble
bumbullimë	thunder
bumbullimësë	thunderous
bumbullin	bumbullin
bumbullini	bubble
bunac	bunac
bunacë	calm
Bunahu	The Bunahu
Buni	This
bunime	we are
bunimet	bunimet
Bunit	Bunni
bunon	to be buried
bunte	colorful
burg	burg
burgim	IMPRISONMENT
burgime	imprisonment
burgimi	IMPRISONMENT
burgimin	detention
burgje	PRISONS
burgjet	prisons
burgos	burgos
burgosën	imprisoned
burgosi	imprisoned
burgosin	imprison
burgosja	Imprisonment
burgosje	confinement
burgosjen	imprisonment
burgosur	PRISONERS
burgosuri	prisoner
burgosurin	prisoner
burgosurit	PRISONERS
burgosurve	PRISONERS
burgu	prison
burgun	PRISON
burgunë	prison
burgut	PRISON
buri	every
buria	sailing
burim	SPRING
burime	resources
burimesh	resource
burimet	SOuRCES
burimeve	ResouRCes
burimi	SOURCE
burimin	RESOURCE
burimit	spring
burisë	trumpet
burive	burive
burk	burk
burkt	burks
Buro	Tumor
buroi	stemmed
buroj	Boers
burojë	come out
burojnë	emanating
buron	stem
buronin	trickling
buronjën	the spring
buronjënë	spring
buronte	emanated
burr	burr
burra	men
burrash	MEN
burrat	MEN
burratë	burrata
burrave	MEN
burravet	men
burrë	man
burrën	the man
burrënë	the man
burri	MAN
burrin	husband
burrinë	the husband
burrit	HUSBAND
burrri	burr
buruan	in the head
bushi	bush
bushinë	bush
buta	blind
butatë	soft
butë	SOFT
butësë	gentleness
butësi	GENTLY
butësie	gentleness
Butësina	Gentleness
butësinë	softness
butësinën	softness
butësinënë	softness
butësininë	gentleness
butet	butet
butët	meek
butëtë	gentleness
butëvet	gentle
buti	good
butinë	guelder rose
butit	Buti
buza	lip
buzat	thick-lipped
buze	lip
buzë	LIPS
buzën	edge
buzënë	the lip
buzëqeshja	SMILE
buzëqeshje	smile
buzëra	beggar
buzës	Buza
buzësë	lip
buzësh	lipstick
buzët	lips
buzëtë	lips
buzëve	lips
buzëvet	lips
Buzi	Kisses
Buzinë	The bush
Buzit	Buzit
Buzitit	Buzite
byk	many
byku	byku
bykun	bykun
bylmet	bylmet
byrryl	byrryl
bythaprapazi	bythaprapazi
bythë	ass
byzylykë	bracelets
byzylykët	bracelet
byzylykun	bracelet
c	c
ç	What
ca	that
ça	That
Cade	Cade
Çade	Chad
çadër	tent
çadëre	tents
çadra	tent
çadrat	Cadre
çadrave	tents
çadre	frame
çadrën	tent
çadrës	tent
çafka	fork
çafke	fork
çafkën	descends
çahen	cleaved
çahet	split apart
çaiz	chair
çaj	tea
çaje	type
çajë	cleave
çajnë	cleave
çajtinë	tea
cak	dude
çakaj	çakaj
çakajsh	jackal
çakajtë	jackals
çakajvet	jackals
çakalli	jackal
çakallin	jackalin
çakejsh	jackals
çakejtë	jackals
çakejve	jackals
caktimin	ASSIGNMENT
cakto	Assign
caktohej	appointed
caktohen	ALLOCATED
caktoheshin	wit
caktohet	ASSIGNED
caktoi	appointed
caktoj	HEREBY SCHEDULE
caktoje	Set
caktojë	designate
caktoji	Assign
caktojnë	designate
cakton	Assign
caktoni	SCHEDULE
caktonin	appoint
caktonte	appoint
caktosh	appoint
caktova	appointed
caktove	appointed for
caktua	ASSIGNED
caktuan	ASSIGNMENTS
caktuar	FIXED
caktuara	CERTAIN
caktuarit	Appointed
cakun	target
cakut	target
çal	play
çala	hole
çalaman	I'm a crier
çalamanët	lame
çalamani	Calaman
çalamanin	stealing
çalamanit	chalamanit
çalash	play
çalë	lame
çalët	lame
çalëtë	lame
çalëvet	lame
çali	bush
calik	sit down
calikë	wineskins
calikët	Calik
caliku	today
calikun	calikun
calikunë	calico
calikut	Calicut
çalit	Cali
çallma	steal
çallmat	challmat
çallmë	turban
çallmën	turban
çallmës	turban
Calmonit	Calmonit
Calmunaut	Calmunaut
çalon	Calo
çalonte	slacker
çaluarë	lame
çambelanëve	quartermaster
çan	life
çanak	bowl
çanake	a bowl
çanë	split
çanje	pot
çanta	bag
çantat	bags
çante	past
çantës	bag
çapat	chappal
çapavet	shoes
çapëlojënë	the goat
çapet	nip
çapetë	shoes
caqet	GOALS
caqeve	bounds
çara	Cara
carangtha	carangtha
çarat	Cara
çarave	cracks
çarçaf	Çarşaf
çarçafe	sheet
çarçafetë	sheets
çarçafëtë	the sheets
çarçafëve	sheet
çarçafi	sheet
çarçafin	cloth
çarçafnë	in the bedsheet
çardhak	quarter
çare	resort
çarë	CLEFT
çarën	Caren
çarët	cracks
çarje	rive
çarjes	Fault
çark	wheel
çarmatosi	disarmed
çart	chart
çartosurë	charted
ças	ces
çash	rip
çast	INSTANT
çaste	moment
çastet	moments
çasti	Hour
çastin	Hour
çastit	INSTANT
çati	roof
çatia	roof
çatie	roof
çatin	to arrive
çatinë	roof
çatisë	roof
çatitë	the roofs
çative	roof
çau	He opened
çaushëritë	the chausheries
çaushëtë	chaushe
çave	how are you
cavet	registration
cbardhëllyerë	whitewashed
cbardhëllyerit	the whitewashers
cbardhëllyeritë	the whitewashes
cbardhi	cbardhi
cbardhulluarët	the whitewashed
cbardhurë	whitewashed
cbardhurit	the whitewashed
cbarth	domain
cbath	what
cbathurë	shoes
cbërthyenë	unwrapped
çbiri	cut
Cboi	Cboi
cbranisetë	cbranisets
cbrazi	cbrazi
cbresë	cbre
cbresënë	in the morning
cbresinë	the birth
cbret	cbret
cbriçinë	cbriçina
cbrisinë	the destruction
cbrit	cbrit
cbritça	cbritça
cbritçinë	British
cbrite	cbrite
cbriti	cbritish
cbritnë	cbritn
cbritsha	cbritsha
cbriturë	cbriturë
cbuloj	cubol
cbulonjë	cover
cbuluanë	they discovered
cbuluara	cbuluaara
cbuluarë	discovered
cbuluarit	wired
cbut	but
cbutenë	cbutene
cbutjë	soft
cbuturë	soft
çdo	ANY
çdofarë	any
çdofarëlloiet	all kinds
Çdoherë	Anytime
çdokush	Anyone
çdolloi	every day
çdolloí	all kinds
çdonjë	each
çdonjëri	everybody
çdonjërin	ANY
çdonjërit	any
çë	Ce
Ceboimit	Zeboyim
Ceboimoit	Ceboimoit
cedër	cedar
cedra	cedar
cedrat	cedar
cedrave	cedrave
cedri	cedars
cedrin	cedrin
cedrit	cedar
çefliqevet	strong
Cefo	Chief
Cefoni	Cefoni
çehrja	complexion
çekanë	hammers
cekë	Czech
cekëtinat	aground
cekëtinë	shoal
çekiç	hammer
çekiçë	hammers
çekiçi	hammer
çekiçin	the hammer
çekiçit	hammer
çel	OPENS
çela	CELA
çelat	CELA
çelë	hatch
çelëm	buck up
çelën	opened
çelës	KEY
çelësat	keys
çelësh	open their
çelësi	SWITCH
çelësin	key
çelet	Cele
çelëtë	hatch
çeli	opened
çelin	hatch
çelinë	cell
çelish	key
çelnë	open
çelsat	switchers
çelsin	switches
çelun	hatch
çelunë	blue
çelunit	the blue one
çelur	blown
çelura	festoons
cembale	harpsichord
cembaleve	cymbals
çëmende	crazy
çëmendun	crazy
çëmendunë	crazy
çëmendunitë	madness
çëmënduri	madness
çengel	hook
çengela	hook
cenon	cenone
cenosh	cenosh
centurion	centurion
centurionë	centurions
centurionët	centurions
centurioni	centurions
Centurioniishte	Centurioniishte
centurionin	centurion
centurionit	centurion
cep	pocket
cepat	fast
çepenë	left
cepi	I took
cepin	ice axe
çerdhe	nest
çerdhen	nursery school
çerdhet	CARE
çerek	quarter
çerekun	quarter
ceremoninë	ceremony
cërisni	warm up
çështja	ISSUE
çështje	ABoUT
çështjen	ISSUE
çështjes	CAUSE
çështjet	ISSUES
çetë	small
Cezar	Caesar
Cezare	Cesare
Cezarea	Caesarea
Cezareaishte	Caesarean section
Cezareja	Caesarea
Cezarenë	Caesarea
Cezarepër	Caesarea
Cezaresë	Caesarea
Cezari	CAESAR
Cezarit	Caesar
çfaq	show
çfaqa	çfaga
çfaqej	appear
çfaqem	four
çfaqemi	what is the meaning of the word?
çfaqenë	what is the appearance?
çfaqetë	what page
çfaqi	manifested
çfaqjë	what to show
çfaqnë	what does it show
çfaqtë	what is it
çfaqu	what is it?
çfaqura	four
çfaqurazi	poor
çfaqurë	appearance
çfaqurësë	appearance
çfaqurit	the absentees
çfaquritë	appearances
çfar	what
çfarë	what
çfarëdo	whatever
çfarëdolloj	ANY
çfriturë	heartless
çfryenjënë	relax
çfryn	çfryn
çfrytinë	waste
cfurkut	cfurkut
cfurqet	cfurqet
cgjedh	what do you choose
cgjedhe	what do you choose
cgjedhë	what is it?
cgjedhën	what did you choose
cgjedhënë	every day
cgjedhës	selector
cgjedhur	chosen
cgjedhura	chosen
cgjedhurë	chosen
cgjedhuret	chosen
cgjedhurinë	the choice
cgjedhurit	the chosen ones
cgjedhuritë	choices
cgjero	cgjero
Cgjeroninë	Cgeronina
cgjeronjsh	cgeronjsh
cgjerove	you are welcome
cgjidhe	all
cgjidhetë	all
cgjidhi	all
cgjidhnë	all
cgjidhni	choose
cgjidhurë	weaned
cgjith	everything
cgjithnjë	always
cgjodha	who
cgjodhe	who chooses
cgjodhi	chosen
cgjohem	I wake up.
Cgjohu	Find out
cgjonem	child
cgjonetë	ciconia
cgjoth	cgjoth
cgjova	I lost
cgjuarë	firewood
Cibeon	Cibeon
Cibeoni	Cibeoni
Cibeonit	Sebeon
çiflikë	farmstead
çifliqe	chicken
çift	couple
çifte	double
çiftëzohen	mate
çiftëzohet	paired
çifti	the couple
çiftoheshin	coupled at
çifut	Jew
çifute	Jew
çifutë	JEWISH
Çifutër	Jew
çifutërisht	Jewishly
Çifutërishte	Jewish
çifutet	Jews
Çifuti	Jew
çifutit	Jew
Çifutnë	Jews
çikë	whit
çiket	chiket
çikëzë	little one
ciklin	cycle
ciklit	cycle
çikriku	wheel
çikrikut	winch
çikur	what
çil	fourty
cila	WHAT
cilado	defects
Cilah	Silah
cilash	cilash
cilat	WHAT
cilatë	which ones
cilave	WHICH
cilavet	which ones
cilë	hank
cilëdo	helmet
cilën	which one
cilëndo	any
cilënë	cilent
çilenë	Chilean
cilës	WHICH
cilësdo	ANY
cilësë	quality
cilësi	quality
cilësie	quality
cilësinë	The quality
cilësisë	qUALITY
cilësitë	qualities
cilët	who
cilëtë	allow end users
çiletë	shoelace
cilëve	WHOSE
cilëvet	which
cili	WHAT
cilido	ANYONE
cilin	WHICH
cilindo	anyone
cilinë	which one
cilinëdo	anyone
cilit	WHO
cilitdo	ANY
cilitëdo	any
cilla	cilla
cillat	Cilla
cillatë	which one
cillavet	scold
cillën	which one
cillënë	which one
cillës	whose
cillësë	quality
cillët	Cilla
cillëtë	qualities
cillëvet	qualities
cilli	which
cillido	cell
cillin	cillin
cillinë	which one
cillit	cillit
cilltë	cilltë
çilna	forty
çiltër	Outright
çiltërsi	CANDOR
çiltërsinë	frankness
çilu	Chilu
çim	grass
cimbale	cimbale
cimbali	cymbals
cimbis	cimbis
çimim	bath
çimoj	appreciate
çimuemit	the price
çimueshim	we appreciated
çimueshimenë	price tag
cinamom	cinnamom
cinamon	cinnamon
Çinerethi	Cinereth
çip	chip
çipat	shoes
cipë	membrane
çipe	chip
cipënë	the skin
cipësë	shoes
çipet	chip
çipevet	chipevet
çipi	chip
çipit	chip
çipt	chip
çirei	cirei
çirej	lamp
çirenë	scold
cirimoni	ceremonies
cirka	about
çirretë	chirp
cisternë	tanker
citoheshin	cited
citon	cites
civilizuar	civilized
cjap	goat
cjapi	goat
cjapin	capin
cjapit	goat
cjep	cjep
cjepësh	goat
Cjepet	Cjepet
cjepëvet	goats
cjeptë	goat
cjepve	vaccines
çjerë	dawn
çjerëtë	all people
çjerra	çjerra
çka	WHAT
çkarkonemi	we unload
çkëmbesë	exchange
çkëmbesësë	exchange
çkëput	cut off
çkëputurë	detached
Çkrifshinë	Writing
çkrin	ckri
çkul	hole
çkuli	Çkuli
çkulnjë	twist
çlirim	DELIVERANCE
Çlirime	emissions
çlirimet	emissions
çlirimi	Escaping
çlirimin	LIBERATE
çlirimit	release
çlirimtar	liberator
çlirimtarë	Liberation
çlirimtari	deliverer
çliro	lira
çlirohej	liberated
çlirohem	get rid of
çlirohemi	freed
çlirohen	released
çliroheni	saved
çlirohesh	LIBERATION
çlirohet	released
çlirohu	Deliver
çliroi	freed
çliroj	deliver
çliroja	Deliver
çliroje	Deliver
çlirojë	deliver
çlirojeni	Disencumber
çlirojnë	release
çliromë	Deliver
çliron	Deliver
Çlironi	Deliver
çlironin	liberating
çlironte	deliver
çlirosh	deliver
çlirova	çlirova
çlirove	delivered
çliruan	freed
çliruar	delivered
çliruarit	redeemed
çliruat	you liberated
çlirues	liberator
çliruesi	Redeemer
çlodh	recuperate
çlodhem	relax
çlodhen	relax
çlodhën	rested
çlodhet	rests
çlodhin	refresh
çlodhja	ENTERTAINMENT
çlodhje	recreation
çlodhjen	recreation
çlodhjes	Refresh
çlodhuni	recline
çlodhur	relax
çmenden	mad
çmendesh	mad
çmendunë	crazy
çmendur	crazy
çmënduritë	madness
çmim	price
çmimi	PRICE
çmimin	award
çmimit	PRICE
cmir	cmir
cmiri	cmiri
çmohen	are appreciated
çmoheni	churches
çmoheshin	Weighed
çmohet	appreciated
çmoi	appreciated
çmoj	appreciate
çmojë	esteem
çmojeni	Cherish
Çmojini	Chmojini
çmojnë	Appraise
çmon	Holds
çmoni	judge
çmontua	dismantled
çmos	CMOS
çmova	my name
çmprehe	wedding
çmua	appreciated
çmuam	smuam
çmuan	çmuan
çmuar	precious
çmuara	PRECIOUS
çmuarat	precious things
çmuarë	precious
çmuarën	the precious
çmuarit	appreciating
çmuaritë	valuables
çmueshëm	precious
çmueshme	precious
çnderim	I'm in
çnderimin	dishonor
çnderofshin	dishonor
çnderojnë	DISHONOR
çnderon	dishonors
çnderoni	dishonor
çnderuar	dishonor
çnderuat	dishonored
çnderues	dishonorable
ço	cho
Coanit	Zoan
Coar	Strain
Coari	Coari
Cobahut	Cobahut
çoban	shepherd
çobanëritë	shepherds
çobanët	shepherds
çobani	shephard
çobanit	ÇOBANI
Cobe	Kobe
Çobenj	Shepherds
çoç	child
çocili	Childish
Cofaj	Cofaj
Cofnath	Cofnath
cofnë	cut
çofshin	boast
çoftë	either
cofurë	hair
cohë	cloth
çohej	upgraded
çohem	rise
çohemi	arise
çohen	brought
çohenë	they get up
çoheni	rise up
çohesh	get up
çohesha	get up
çoheshin	brought
çohet	She rises
çohetë	lead
Çohi	Chohi
çohu	Arise
çohuni	Arise
çoi	Choi
çoj	lead
çoja	Coja
çojani	bear unto the governor
çoje	Carry
çojë	LEAD
çojënë	lead
çojeni	Take
çoji	very
çojini	Many
çojmë	bring
çojn	lead
çojnë	LEAD
çokanis	verychanis
Çokanisni	Chokanisni
çokatë	chocolate
çokunë	hammer
Çokush	Very cool
çon	LEADS
çoni	Lift
çonin	CONI
çonit	CONI
çonte	lead
cop	cop
copa	cup
copash	apart
copat	PIECES
copatë	pieces
copave	pieces
copavet	pieces
cope	cope
copë	PIECES
copën	cloth
copëra	debris
copës	A piece
copësë	piece
copëto	smash
copëtohej	partitioned
copëtohen	cut off
copëtohesh	broken
copëtohet	broken
copëtohi	break it into pieces
copëtoi	brake
copëtoj	break
copëtojë	A bruised
copëtoji	shatter
copëtojnë	tear apart
copëtojua	chopped
copëton	heartbreaking
copëtonenë	to shred
copëtoni	Splice
copëtonin	they were cutting
copëtosh	break
copëtova	crushed
copëtove	broke
copëtua	chopped
copëtuan	crushed
copëtuar	chopped
copëtuara	torn apart
copëz	scrap
copëza	scrap
copëzuem	fragmented
çorën	Core
çori	Cori
çoroditen	confounded
çoroditën	away his
çoroditës	baffling
çoroditet	devious
çoroditja	unrighteousness
çoroditje	perversity
çoroditjen	perversity
çoroditjes	perversity
çoroditjesh	flesh
çoroditjet	perverseness
çoroditur	Perverse
çoroditura	GONE
çorodituri	unrighteous
çoroditurit	unrighteous
çoroditurve	wicked
çorri	tore
çosh	bring
çot	chot
çova	lifted
çove	brought
çpagë	salary
çpagim	repayment
çpagime	repayments
çpagimi	repayment
çpagimn	çpagimn
çpagimnë	repayment
Çpago	Money
çpagoi	pay
çpagoj	repay
çpagova	payment
çpaguajsh	repay
çpaguan	in the city
çpaguanj	unpaid
çpaguanjç	çpaguanjç
çpalla	with a stick
çpalleni	slapdash
çpejt	quickly
çpërble	redeem
çpërblen	redeem
çpërblenjë	redemption
çpërblerë	redeemed
çpërbleu	redeemed
çpërbleve	redeemed
çpërblierë	redeemed
çpërblim	redemption
çpërblimit	compensation
çpërblimtari	the indemnifier
çpërblyerë	unrewarded
çpërfaqtë	surface area
Çpërkat	It belongs to
cpërkaturë	scattered
çpërnderim	dishonor
çpërnderimet	dishonors
Çpërnderimi	Dishonor
çpërnderimit	dishonor
çpërnderimn	dishonor
çpërnderimnë	dishonor
çpërnderoi	dishonored
çpërnderonjë	disgrace
çpërnderonjënë	disgrace
çpërnderuanë	they dispersed
çpif	cpif
çpik	stick
çponetë	ponytail
çponjç	pong
çprovime	trials
çprovova	operational
çpuanë	they are naked
çpuarësh	empty-handed
cqep	cqep
çqienë	heaven
çqierë	clear
çqite	fire
çqitetë	clear
çquan	çquan
çquara	I broke it.
çquarë	torn
çquhenë	what is called
çquhi	open
çqyenë	why
çqyeninë	the devil
çqyenjë	one hundred
çqyerë	heartless
çrregullim	disorder
çrregullt	DISORDERLY
çrrënjos	uproot
çrrënjosë	extirpated
çrrënjosen	eradicated
çrrënjosësh	purge
çrrënjoset	eradicated
çrrënjosshin	uproot
çrrënjosur	root
çthur	chthur
çthure	çthure
çton	it is
çu	whether
çua	up
çuaj	lead
çuan	LED TO
çuanë	they drove
çuar	Carrying
çuara	expended
çuarë	leading
çuarjes	furthering
çuarrë	nut
çuat	have you brought
cub	cub
cuba	cuba
cubat	lies down
cubave	Cube
çudi	wonder
çudia	Oddity
çudibërës	miraculous
çudibërëse	miraculous
çudiçë	strange
çudiçim	astonishment
çudiçime	oddities
çudiçimenë	wonder
çudira	wonders
çudirash	wonders
çudit	daze
çudita	surprised
çudite	the wonders
çuditë	wonders
çuditëçim	astonishment
çuditej	I was surprised.
çuditejnë	they wonder
Çuditem	gape
Çuditëm	I marvel
çuditemi	surprising
çuditen	they wonder
çuditën	astonished
çuditenë	wonder
çuditeni	marvel
çuditesh	marvel
çuditeshin	amazed
çuditeshinë	strangeness
çuditeshnë	strange
çuditi	surprised
çuditishnë	strangely
çuditnë	strange
çuditni	Marvel
çuditshme	strange
çuditur	surprised
çuditurë	surprised
çuditurënë	wonder
çuditurit	be amazed
çudivet	miracle
çue	Cue
çuem	let's go
çuenë	led
Çukërmon	He paws
çun	child
çuna	chick
çunash	boys' john
çunat	boys
çunatë	night
çunavet	boys
cungu	stump
cungun	to speak
çuni	Cuni
çuninë	the chicken
çunit	Cuni
cunk	cunk
çunthit	snot
çupa	CUPA
çupë	maid
çupësë	maids
Curishadait	Curious woman
çutej	scold
çutjëmë	let's go
cverk	cverk
cvesh	cvesh
cveshëta	ears
cveshura	cveshura
cveshurë	naked
cvierdhurë	black and white
cvishni	to sew
cvjerdhura	scumbag
cvjerdhurë	scumbag
cvorth	cvorth
çvoshku	baby
d	d
da	and
Daberathi	Daberathi
Daberathin	Daberathin
Daberathit	Daberathit
Dabesheth	Dabesheth
daç	DAC
daça	cottage
daçi	if ye
daçim	I will come.
daçinë	the dacha
dafça	drum
dafin	bay
dafsha	palm tree
daft	daft
daftë	daft
Dagoni	Dagon
Dagonin	The dragon
Dagonit	Dagonit
dahei	dahei
daheshinë	they were married
dahetë	daheta
dahi	genius
dai	come on
daishinë	daisy
dajë	uncle
dajënë	uncle
dajinë	uncle
dajnë	they are
dajre	tambour
dajren	tambourine
dajres	tambour
dajret	tambourines
dajreve	tambourines
dal	from the
dala	carried
dalat	Dalat
dalatë	exit
dalç	Diver
Dale	Dale
dalë	Appearing
dalëmë	we went out
dalëmenë	out of nowhere
dalënë	exit
dalësh	exit
Dalet	Dalet
dalët	DALE
dalëtë	come out
Daleth	Daleth
Dalfonin	Dalfonin
dali	easiness
dalim	THE POINT
dalimë	divinity
dalin	they come out
dalinë	Dali
dalish	dalish
dalit	dalit
dalja	Output
dalje	further
daljen	ACCESS
daljes	exit
daljet	EXITS
dallëndyshe	swallow
dallëndyshja	swallow
dallgë	wave
dallgët	wave
dallgëve	wave
dallim	difference
dallime	differences
dallimet	differences
dallimin	The difference
dallofshin	dallofshin
dallohemi	separated
dallohen	OUTSTANDING
dalloheshin	distinguished
dallohet	PRACTICES
dalloi	spotted
dalloj	discern
dallojë	distinguish
dallojmë	distinguish
dallojnë	differentiate
dallon	distinguishes
dalloni	distinguish
dallonin	differed
dallonte	distinguish
dallosh	recognize
dallova	discerned
dalluar	DISTINGUISHED
dalluarit	distinguishing
dallueshëm	distinctly
Dalmaci	Dalmatia
Dalmanutënte	Dalmatian
Dalmanutës	Dalmanutha
Dalmanutha	Dalmanutha
Dalmati	Dalmati
dalmë	Dalmatian
dalsh	dalsh
dalshin	dalshin
dalt	above
daltë	chisel
daltën	chisel
dalun	Dalu
dalunat	stretch
dalunë	dawn
dalunit	dalunit
dalunitë	Dalunians
dalura	deriving
dam	dam
Damara	Damara
Damaris	Damaris
Damarisë	Damaria
Damask	Damask
Damaskanëvet	The Damascenes
damaskasve	damask
Damaskë	chintz
Damaskësë	Damascus
Damasku	Damascus
damaskun	damascus
Damaskut	Damascus
dame	dame
damë	checkers
dameje	lady
damës	Dames
damesë	checkered
dami	quantity
Damim	Damim
damit	with it
damkë	brand
damkën	mark
damkosur	damned
damojë	damage
damova	Damova
dan	And
Danahu	Lake
danë	Dane
dani	dani
dania	denmark
Daniel	Daniel
Danieli	Daniel
Danielin	Daniel's
Danielit	Daniel
Danin	Danin
Daninë	Denmark
Danit	Dan
danitët	Danites
danitëve	Dan
dante	dante
Danve	Danve
Dar	But
Dara	Good
Darda	In trouble
darë	pincers
Dari	From
darika	sect
darikë	drams
Darit	Do
dark	dark
darka	combination
darkat	dinners
darkë	DINNER
darkën	Supper
darkënë	dinner
darkës	supper
darkësë	dinner
darkët	dinner
darkoi	dark
Darkonit	Darkonite
darkuem	dark
darsëma	wedding
darsma	darsma
darsmash	darsmash
darsmat	darsmat
darsme	let's go
darsmë	weddings
darsmësë	wedding
dash	dash
dashamirës	sympathetic
dashamirësi	kindness
dashamirësia	sympathetic
dashamirësinë	kindness
dashamirësisë	kindness
dashamirësit	Sympathizers
dashëkeshe	girlfriend
dashëmenë	dearly
dashëmesë	benevolent
dashi	him/her
dashime	dashime
dashin	ram
dashinë	the sheep
dashit	Aries
dashje	INTENTIONALLY
dashjen	apart
dashka	love
dashkan	lover
Dashke	Will he
dashnë	love
dashnor	LOVER
dashnorë	lover
dashnorët	lovers
dashnorëve	lovers
dashtë	Willed
dashumi	dashumi
dashun	dear
dashuna	love
dashunë	beloved
dashuni	love
dashunia	love
dashunie	love
dashunim	love
dashunimet	loves
dashunimi	love
dashunimin	love
dashuniminë	love
dashunimit	love
dashunin	loved
dashuninë	's love
dashunisë	love
dashunit	love
dashunitë	lovers
dashur	LOVING
dashura	love
dashuratë	girlfriend
dashuravet	lovers
dashurë	love
dashurën	girlfriend
dashurënë	girlfriend
dashurësë	girlfriend
dashuri	love
dashuria	love
dashurie	love
dashurim	love
dashurimet	love affairs
dashurimi	love
dashurimin	lovemaking
dashurimit	love
dashurimn	love
dashurimnë	in love
dashurin	boyfriend
dashurinë	love
dashurira	love
dashurisë	of love
dashurit	beloved
dashuritë	affections
dashurive	loves
dashuro	Love
dashuroi	loved
dashuron	loves
dashuroni	love
dashuronte	loved
dashurua	in love
dashuruar	lovers
dashuruara	loving
dashurueshëm	pleasant;
dasma	wedding
dasme	nuptial
dasmë	nuptials
dasmën	wedding
dasmëra	wedding
dasmës	wedding
dasmësë	wedding
dasmët	weddings
dasmëtë	wedding
dasmorët	partygoers
Datani	Datan
Datanin	Datanin
Datanit	Datanit
datë	date
datën	DATE
Datham	Color
Dathani	Datani
Dathanin	Color
Dathanit	Dathanit
dau	dau
daulle	drum
davarit	davarit
davariten	davariten
davaritet	perishes
dave	dave
David	David
Davidi	Davidi
Davidin	David's
Davidinë	David's
Davidit	David
dbora	dbora
dborë	barn
Debarin	Debarin
debatet	DEBATES
debatonin	debated
debatonte	debate
debatuesi	debater
dëbim	EVICTION
Debir	Debir
Debiri	Debir
Debirin	Debirin
Debirit	Debirit
debitorë	debtors
dëbo	snow
dëboftë	driving them
dëboheni	thrust
dëbohesh	driven
dëboheshin	deported
dëbohet	expelled
dëboi	expelled
dëboj	excommunicate
dëboje	Throw out
dëbojë	evict
dëboji	drive them out
dëbojmë	we expel
dëbojnë	expel
dëbon	Debo
dëbonenë	banished
dëboni	cast
dëbonim	expel
dëbonin	expel
dëbonj	expel
dëbonjç	snowman
dëbonjë	snow
dëbonjënë	snowman
dëbonte	casting
Debora	Debora
dëbora	snow
Deboraha	Deborah
Deboran	Deboran
Deboras	Deborah
dëborë	snow
dëborës	snowman
dëbosh	dispossess
dëbova	I have cast
dëbove	I have cast
dëbua	expelled
dëbuakam	បានក
dëbuam	cast
dëbuan	expelled
dëbuanë	exiled
dëbuar	DISPLACED
dëbuara	outcast
dëbuarë	exiled
dëbuarit	Exiles
dëbuatë	exile
Dedan	Closed
Dedani	Dedan
Dedanimëvet	The Dedanim
Dedanit	Dedan
dedanitëve	Dedanites
definitive	definitive
deformohen	distorted
deformuar	misshapen
dëfrefshin	let them have fun
dëfrehemi	happy
dëfrehen	to rejoice
dëfrejë	to be happy
dëfrejnë	entertain
dëfrimdashës	pleasures
dëfrimesh	joyous
dëfrimet	amusement
dëfrimeve	and pleasure
dëfrimtarëve	revelers
dëfryen	entertained
dëfryer	laughter
Dëfte	Fragrance
dëftehem	fragrant
dëftehesh	reveal yourself
dëftehet	reveal yourself
dëftehi	certificate
dëftej	signify
dëftejë	to smell
dëftejmë	we testify
dëftemë	fragrance
dëften	to smell
dëftenetë	certificates
dëfteni	show it
dëftenj	fragrance
dëftenjç	fragrance
dëftenjë	certificate
dëftenjënë	certificate
dëftente	fragrant
dëftesën	the receipt
dëfteu	fragrant
dëfteva	receipt
dëfteve	receipts
dëftim	demonstration
Dëftimi	Presentation
dëftimin	Presentation
dëfto	defto
dëftoç	scold
dëftoftë	let it be cold
dëftohej	appeared
dëftohen	manifested
dëftohet	openly
dëftoi	has shown
dëftoijnë	they testify
dëftoishiem	we declared
dëftoj	show him
dëftojë	show him
dëftojënë	report
dëftojmë	we testify
dëftojnë	indicate
dëftomë	report
Dëftomëni	Show me.
dëfton	shows him
dëftona	I showed
dëftonetë	you are welcome
dëftoni	show
dëftonj	I testify
dëftonjam	we testify
dëftonjç	evidence
dëftonjë	show
dëftonte	showed
dëftova	déftova
dëftove	you showed
dëftua	appeared
dëftuaçë	demonstrative
dëftuam	we showed
dëftuanë	they declared
dëftuar	approved
dëftuarë	declared
dëftuem	fragrant
dëftye	fragrant
dëftyem	defy
dëftyenë	the certificate
dëftyer	perfume
dëftyerë	witness
dëftyerët	witnesses
dëftyetë	tenth
dëftyrerë	witnesses
deg	you
dega	settle down
degash	gas
degat	degat
degatë	branch
degavet	yougave
degdisë	deport
degdisesha	branch
degdiste	degdist
dege	BRANCH
degë	BRANCHES
degën	BRANCH
degëshumë	many-branched
degët	branches
degëve	BRANCHES
degëz	sprig
degëzat	twigs
degëzën	young twigs
degjenerim	degeneration
degjenerimi	degeneration
degjeneruar	degenerate
degjeneruara	debased
dëgjesën	obedience
dëgjesës	obedience
dëgjim	hearing
dëgjimi	HEARING
dëgjimin	HEARING
dëgjimit	hearing
dëgjo	HEAR
dëgjofsh	listen
dëgjofshi	listen, listen
dëgjofshim	may we listen
dëgjofshin	listen
dëgjofshinë	listen to the village
dëgjoftë	Let
dëgjohej	heard
dëgjohen	heard
dëgjohet	heard
dëgjoi	heard
dëgjoj	hear
dëgjoja	hear
dëgjoje	hear
dëgjojë	hear
dëgjojeni	hear
dëgjoji	hear
dëgjojini	Listen to
dëgjojmë	hear
dëgjojnë	HEAR
dëgjojsh	listen
dëgjoka	I heard.
Dëgjoma	Hear
dëgjomë	Hear
dëgjomëni	Listen to me
dëgjon	Hearing
dëgjona	Hear
dëgjonetë	listen to us
dëgjoni	listen
dëgjonim	hear
dëgjonin	hearing
dëgjoninë	listen to it
dëgjonitë	listen
dëgjonj	listen
dëgjonjç	listen
dëgjonje	listen
dëgjonjë	listen
dëgjonjën	listen
dëgjonjënë	listen
dëgjonte	hear
dëgjosh	Hearing
dëgjova	I heard
dëgjove	heard
dëgjovva	I heard
dëgjua	I heard
dëgjuam	heard
dëgjuan	heard
dëgjuanë	they heard
dëgjuar	heard
dëgjuarë	heard
dëgjuarët	heard
dëgjuari	honorable
dëgjuarit	hearing
dëgjuarshim	we were heard
dëgjuat	heard
dëgjuatë	listen
dëgjues	hearer
dëgjueshëm	manageable
dëgjuesi	Hearing
deh	oh yeah
deha	genius
dehavitët	Dehaites
dehemë	drunkenness
dehemi	we get drunk
dehen	insight
dehën	drunk
dehenë	drunk
deheni	I am tired.
dehëse	intoxicating
dehesh	ten
dehet	tar
dehetë	drunk
dehi	dehi
dehin	back
dehja	jams
dehje	intoxication
dehjet	dehjet
dehni	dehn
dehte	dehte
dehu	dehu
dehuni	dehuni
dehur	drunk
dehuri	drunkard
dehurit	drunkenness
dehurve	dehurve
deituna	lays down
deitunë	noun
deitunit	call me
dej	water
deje	happening
dejet	dough
dejmitë	the gods
dejt	date
dejta	data
dejtinë	date
dejtnë	date
dejtunë	day
dejtura	date
dejturatë	deuturism
dejturë	bed
dejturet	the dough tour
dejturi	deuterium
dejturit	deutur
dejturitë	the deuturies
Dekapoja	Decapoja
Dekapojën	The decapitated
Dekapojës	Decapolis
Dekapoli	December
Dekapolisit	Dekapolisit
Dekapolit	Decapolis
Dekjer	Decks
deklaratat	STATEMENTS
deklaroi	stated
deklaroj	statements
deklarojë	declare
deklarojnë	declare
deklarove	declare
deklaruar	DECLARING
dekret	decree
dekrete	decree
dekretet	decrees
dekreteve	DECREEING
dekreti	decree
dekretin	the decree
dekretit	decree
dekretoj	decrees
dekretuar	decreed
dekurajoheni	discouraged
dekurajohet	discouraged
del	of the
Delahaju	Delahaju
Delaiahu	Delaiahu
Delaiahut	Delaiahut
dele	share
delea	delete
delegacion	delegation
deleguari	delegate
deleja	delay
delen	to share
delenë	Delena
deles	from them
delesë	sheep
delesh	sheep
delet	SHEEP
deleve	SHEEP
delevet	share life
deli	deli
delikat	delicate
delikate	DELICAT
delikatesën	fastidiousness
Delilah	Delilah
delim	I share
delin	part
delinë	the sheep
dëlir	delir
dëlira	delirium
dëlirë	CHASTE
dëlirenë	chastity
dëlirëni	chastity
dëlirësi	purity
dëliri	chaste one
Dëlirni	Purify
dëlirtë	dirty
dëlirunë	delirune
delja	the sheep
dell	of the
dellandysheja	dellandysheya
dellin	dell's
dëllinja	juniper
dëllinjat	juniper
dëllinjatë	juniper
dëllinje	juniper
dëllinjë	juniper
dellt	lattice
dëlmerë	dëlmerë
dëlmerëtë	foxes
dëlmerëvet	the foxes
dëlmier	delmier
dëlmieri	palm tree
dëlmuarë	sly
dëlmuari	the devil
delni	partial
delshin	delshin
delshinë	sheep
delte	shared
dem	dem
dëm	DAMAGE
dema	when
Demai	Demai
demash	demash
Demasi	Demasi
demat	demat
demave	bulls
demavet	bulls
dembeli	buy
dëme	DAMAGE
demet	bundle
dëmet	DAMAGES
Demetër	Demeter
demetet	to die
demeteve	demeteve
demetin	bunch of
dëmëto	tomorrow
dëmëtoi	demëtoi
dëmëtoj	damage
dëmëtojë	damage
dëmëtojënë	damage
dëmëtojnë	harm
dëmëton	demon
dëmëtonej	damage
dëmëtonem	demetonem
dëmëtonemi	we are damaged
dëmëtonenë	damage us
dëmëtoneni	damage it
dëmëtonetë	damage
dëmëtoni	damage
dëmëtonjë	our damage
dëmëtonjënë	harm us
Demetri	Demetri
Demetrin	Demetrius
dëmëtua	damaged
dëmëtuaçë	pests
dëmëtuanë	damaged
dëmëtuara	damaged
dëmëtuarë	damaged
dëmëtuaritë	damages
demi	for the sake of
dëmi	DAMAGE
demin	just now
dëmin	DAMAGE
dëminë	domain
demit	DAMAGE
dëmit	INJURY
dëmn	damage
dëmnë	damn
demon	demon
demonë	demons
demonët	Demont
demonëve	demons
demoni	demons
demonin	demon
demonit	demons
demonizuar	demonized
demonizuari	demon
demonizuarin	demon
demonizuarit	demoniacs
demonizuarve	possessed with demons
demoralizoni	discourage
demoralizuan	discouraged
demoralizuar	demoralized
dëmshëm	HARMFUL
dëmshme	harmful
dëmshpërblejë	compensate
dëmtim	injury
dëmtimet	DAMAGES
dëmto	that's it
dëmtojë	HARM
dëmtojnë	damage
dëmton	DAMAGE
dëmtoni	damage
dëmtonin	damage
dëmtua	damaged
dëmtuar	damaged
dëmtuarë	injured
Den	It
denar	money
denarë	Denar
denarësh	MKD
denarët	the money
denarin	denarin
denarishte	denarii
denarit	denarii
dendesh	filled therewith
dendësohet	distill
dendur	densely
dendura	dense
dëndurat	the trees
dendurë	dense
dëndure	thicket
dëndurë	dense
denë	den
dënesë	blubber
dënim	punishment
dënimesh	punishments
dënimi	PUNISHMENT
dënimin	PENALTY
dënimit	PUNISHMENT
denja	worthy
denjë	worthy
denjësisht	worthily
Denjo	Denjo
denjoi	condescended
dëno	Punish
dënohej	punished
dënohemi	punished
dënohen	punished
dënoheni	convicted
dënohesh	unrighteous
dënohet	PUNISHABLE
dënohetë	be punished
dënoi	sentenced
dënoj	punish
dënojë	condemn
dënojënë	punish
Dënoji	Destroy thou
dënojnë	condemn
dënon	CONDEMNS
denoncuar	denounce
dënoni	punish
dënonin	sentenced
dënonjë	punish
dënonjënë	sentenced
dënonte	punished
dënosh	PUNISHMENTS
dënova	I have punished
dënove	Denov
dënuan	sentenced
dënuar	CONVICTED
dënuarit	convict
dënuarve	CONVICTED
dënuat	late
dënuem	sentenced
dënuemitë	penalties
dënuetë	convict
depërtoftë	may it penetrate
depërtoi	through
depërtojë	break through
depërtojnë	infiltrate
depërton	penetrates
depërtonjë	penetrating
depërtosh	probe
depërtuan	penetrated
depërtuar	infiltrate
depo	warehouse
deponimet	deposits
deponimin	STORAGE
deponimit	warehousing
deponojnë	witness
deponon	deposits
deponuan	witnessed
deponuar	deposited
depot	depot
depozita	deposit
depozitat	STORED
depozitë	DEPOSIT
depozitën	deposit
depozitohej	deposited
depozitojë	deposit
depozitojnë	deposit
depozituar	deposited
der	the
dër	there
dera	area
Derba	Out of time
Derbë	Derbe
Derbet	Derb
dërdëllitës	babbling
derdh	pour
derdha	shed
derdhç	exit
derdhe	pour
derdhë	pour
derdhei	poured
derdhej	shed
derdhëjevet	the spills
derdhem	poured out
derdhen	FLOWS
derdhën	shed
derdhenë	foundry
derdhënë	poured
derdhësh	pour
derdhet	stream
derdhetë	the streams
derdhi	poured
derdhim	shed
derdhin	Dump
derdhini	, mix
derdhja	ALLOCATION
derdhje	spill
derdhjen	spilling
derdhm	thrdhm
derdhni	shed
derdhshin	pour
derdhte	poured
derdhun	pour
derdhunë	violence
derdhunin	they poured
derdhur	molding
derdhura	Mold
derdhuravet	spills
derdhurë	spilled
derdhurënë	spilled
derdhurit	pouring
dere	you
derë	door
dëreitë	rights
dëreitën	three
dëreitëri	leadership
dëreitërie	right-wing
dëreitërin	the right
dëreitërinë	leadership
dëreitësë	rights
dërejt	the doors
dërejtë	straight
dërejtëvet	rights
dërejtinë	justice
derën	Door
derënë	the door
derës	DOOR
derësë	doors
derët	particularly considered to be
derëtar	porter
derëtarë	porter
derëtarët	porters
derëtarëve	doormen
derëtarit	doorkeepers
derëzën	the door
Dërgata	expeditions
Dërgimi	Sending
dërgimin	SEND
dergj	lay
dergjej	lying
dergjem	I send
dergjen	lie
dergjesha	lain
dergjeshin	lying
dergjeshitë	the dergeshites
dergjet	lying
dergjetë	bed
dergjunë	you are welcome
dergjurë	bed
dergjuritë	the jury
dërgo	Leave
dërgoç	messenger
dërgofsh	you send
dërgofshinë	send a message
dërgoftë	he send
dërgohej	sent
dërgohen	sent
dërgohenë	are sent
dërgohet	sent
dërgoi	sent
dërgoijnë	they send
dërgoj	SUBMIT
dërgoja	Send
dërgoje	send it
dërgojë	send
dërgojëmë	send me
dërgojënë	send
Dërgojini	send
dërgojmë	send
dërgojnë	send
dërgojsh	send
dërgojua	send it
dërgojuani	send it to
dërgomë	send me
dërgomëni	send me
dërgomi	send me
dërgon	SENDS
Dërgona	Send us
dërgonejnë	they send
dërgonenë	send it to me
dërgonetë	send a message
dërgoni	Submit
dërgonim	send
dërgonin	they sent
dërgonj	send
dërgonjam	we send
dërgonjç	send
dërgonjë	send
dërgonjënë	send one
dërgonte	sending
dërgosh	sending
dërgova	sent
dërgove	didst
dërgua	sent
dërguaçë	sender
dërguam	sent
dërguan	sent
dërguanë	they sent
dërguar	Posted
dërguara	Posted
dërguaratë	messenger
dërguarë	messengers
dërguari	Messenger
dërguarin	messenger
dërguarinë	the envoy
dërguarit	MESSENGER
dërguaritë	envoys
dërguarve	messengers
dërguat	you sent
dërguatë	sent
dërgue	sent
dërguem	sent
dërguemi	we are sent
dërguenë	sent
dërgueshë	sent
dërguet	sent
dërguetë	send it
dërgum	send
dërgumë	send me
dërgunë	sent
deri	UP
derisa	WHILE
dërkuj	send
dërkujti	delivery
dërmitnjë	one-eyed
dërmiturë	shattered
dërmoç	crumb
dërmoi	shatters
dërmojë	crush
dërmojënë	the rubble
dërmonjënë	in the morning
dërmosh	break
dërmuar	crushed
derra	pig
dërrasa	boards
dërrasash	plank
dërrasat	boards
dërrasatë	board
dërrasave	boards
dërrasavet	planks
dërrase	board
dërrasë	plank
dërrasësë	board
derrash	pig
dërrastë	plank
derrat	hogs
derratë	pigs
Derratkonsiderohen	Pigs are considered
derrave	FLU
derravet	pigs
derri	porcine
derrin	peccary
derrinë	the pig
derrit	FLU
dërrmën	abolish the
dërrmo	Rout
dërrmofshin	crush
dërrmohen	are crushed
dërrmohenë	are crushed
dërrmohet	crushed
dërrmoi	thrashed
dërrmoimë	we crushed
dërrmoj	whelm
dërrmojë	crush
dërrmojnë	crush
dërrmon	Rout
dërrmonenë	crushed
dërrmonetë	small coin
dërrmonj	crush
dërrmonjë	crush
dërrmonte	crush
dërrmontej	crushed
dërrmosh	crush
Dërrmova	devastated
dërrmove	devastated
dërrmuanë	crushed
dërrmuar	crushed
dërrmuarë	crushed
dërrmuarit	crushed
dërrmuem	crushed
dërrmuenë	crushed
dert	trouble
dërteilë	thirds
dërtesë	tree
derth	well
derthç	trouble
derthëka	tree stump
derthnë	in the morning
derthni	strength
derthnjë	cold
Derthnjën	The wind blows
derthnjënë	slush
derthte	where
dërti	fourth
dërtim	onstruction
dërtoi	he/she/it
dërtoijnë	they build
dërtoj	build
dërtoje	build
dërtojë	build
dërton	builds
dërtonej	scold
dërtonetë	the drums
dërtoni	build
dërtua	came
dërtuara	built
dërtuarat	the buildings
dërtuarë	built
dërtuarit	the builders
desh	desh
desha	rams
deshe	loved
deshë	rams
deshëm	wanted
deshën	took
dëshërim	desire
dëshërime	desires
dëshërimesh	desires
dëshërimet	desires
dëshërimetë	desires
dëshërimevet	desires
dëshërimi	desire
dëshërimin	desire
dëshëriminë	desire
dëshërimit	desire
dëshërimn	desire
dëshërimnë	desire
dëshërimt	desire
dëshëro	wish
dëshëroç	poor
dëshëroheshim	we were loved
dëshëroijnë	they want
dëshëroimë	we wanted
Dëshëroj	I would like
dëshërojëmë	I want you.
dëshërojënë	wish
dëshërojmë	wish is
dëshërojsh	wish
dëshëron	Unwilling
dëshëroni	you would like
dëshëronim	like it to
dëshëronjç	wish
dëshëronjë	wish
dëshëronjënë	the heir
dëshëronte	wanted
dëshërova	I wanted
dëshëruanë	they wanted
dëshëruarë	desired
dëshëruaritë	desires
dëshëruarshim	desirable
dëshëruarshime	desires
dëshëruatë	desired
dëshëruem	we wanted
dëshëruen	they wanted
dëshëruenë	desired
dëshërueshim	desire
deshësh	you want
deshët	WANTED
deshëtë	rams
deshëve	rams
deshëvet	rams
deshi	LOVED
dëshira	The desire
dëshirat	desires
dëshirave	love
dëshire	desire
dëshirë	desire
dëshirën	desire
dëshirës	desire
dëshirim	longing
dëshirime	longing
dëshirimi	Desiring
dëshiro	Lust
dëshiroj	DO WISH
dëshiroja	like
dëshiroje	Welcome
dëshirojë	wish
dëshirojmë	WANT
dëshirojnë	wanting
dëshiron	wants
dëshironi	want
dëshironim	like
dëshironin	wanted
dëshironte	wanted
dëshirosh	covet
dëshirova	wanted
dëshiruan	wanted
dëshiruar	desired
dëshiruara	DESIRED
dëshirueshme	desirable
deshm	deshm
deshmi	testimony
dëshmi	evidence
deshmia	evidence
dëshmia	testimony
deshmiash	testimony
deshmiatë	witnesses
dëshmie	TESTIMONY
deshmim	testification
dëshmim	testification
deshmimet	testimonies
deshmimetë	testimonies
deshmimevet	testimonies
dëshmimi	Proving
dëshmimin	witness
deshmiminë	the testimony
deshmimit	testimony
deshmin	evidence
deshminë	application acknowledgment
dëshminë	TESTIMONY
dëshmintë	witnesses
deshmisë	testimony
dëshmisë	STATEMENT
deshmit	proff
deshmitar	witness
dëshmitar	witness
deshmitarë	witness
dëshmitarë	witnesses
deshmitarësh	witnesses
dëshmitarësh	witness
deshmitarët	witness
dëshmitarët	WITNESS
deshmitarëtë	witnesses
deshmitarëve	WITNESS
dëshmitarëve	witnesses
deshmitarëvet	witnesses
deshmitari	witness
dëshmitari	witness
dëshmitarit	WITNESS
deshmitarve	witnesses
dëshmitë	evidence
dëshmive	eVIDENCE
deshmivet	testimonies
deshmo	Testifies
dëshmo	witness
deshmofsha	witness
dëshmohet	evidenced
deshmoi	testified
dëshmoi	TESTIFIES
deshmoimë	we witnessed
dëshmoimë	we witnessed
deshmoj	prove
dëshmoj	witness
deshmojë	witness
dëshmojë	TESTIFY
deshmojënë	witness
dëshmojeni	testify
dëshmojmë	witness
deshmojnë	testify
dëshmojnë	PROVE
deshmojsh	testify
deshmon	shows
dëshmon	REVEALED
deshmoni	must witness
dëshmoni	witness
dëshmonin	witness
deshmonjë	witness
dëshmonjë	bear witness
deshmonjënë	witness
deshmonte	prove
dëshmonte	witness
deshmonu	testify
dëshmorëve	martyrs
dëshmorit	martyr
dëshmosh	witness
deshmova	I witnessed
dëshmova	testified
deshmove	you testified
dëshmove	testified
dëshmuam	testified
dëshmuan	testified
dëshmuar	WITNESS
deshmuarë	witnesses
dëshmuari	witnessing
deshmuem	witnessed
dëshmuem	witnessed
deshmuenë	witnesses
dëshmues	evidential
deshnë	wanted
dëshpërim	despair
dëshpërimi	despair
dëshpërimin	affliction
dëshpërimit	DEPRESSION
dëshpëro	fret
dëshpërohej	melt
dëshpërohem	despair
dëshpërohemi	despair
dëshpëroheni	grieve
dëshpërohuni	desolate
dëshpërua	discouraged
dëshpëruam	despaired
dëshpëruar	desperate
dëshpëruari	the desperate
dëshpëruarit	mourners
desht	rams
dështak	failure
dështakut	loser
deshtë	rams
dështim	failure
dështimi	failure
dështimit	failure
dështojë	FOILS
dështojnë	fail
dështon	fails
dështonte	fail
dështuam	failed
dështuar	failed
dështuari	losers
deshve	deshve
destemel	fearless
destemelë	support
destemelera	unearthed
destinohen	intended
destinuar	DESTINED
det	the
detare	MARINE
detarë	sailors
detarët	sailors
detarëtë	sailors
dete	give
detë	Seas
detënat	the seas
detënavet	sea ​​ships
detëra	seas
detërat	seas
detëratë	sailor
detëravet	seagulls
detet	seas
deteve	seas
detevet	seas
deti	children
detin	I own
detinë	the sea
detit	SEA
detn	detn
detnë	at sea
detorë	sailors
detorët	sailors
detorëvet	sailors
detrash	trash
detrave	seas
detuer	keep away
detyra	office
detyrat	DUTIES
detyratë	homework
detyrave	duties
detyrë	DUTY
detyrën	TASK
detyrënë	the task
detyrës	DUTY
detyrëtë	duties
detyrim	liability
detyrime	LIABILITIES
detyrimet	obligations
detyrimeve	LIABILITIES
detyrimi	liability
detyrimin	ENFORCEMENT
detyrimisht	necessarily
detyrimit	LIABILITY
detyrohej	owed
detyrohemi	owe
detyrohen	OWE
detyrohesh	you are obliged
detyroheshin	forced
detyrohet	Specify
detyroi	forced
detyroj	bully
detyrojë	force
detyroji	constrain
detyrojnë	force
detyron	forces
detyroni	force
detyronin	force
detyronte	force
detyrosh	force
detyrova	I forced
detyrove	have made
detyrua	forced
detyruan	forced
detyruar	COMPULSORY
detyruara	Compulsory
detyruat	you forced
detyrueshme	mandatory
Deuelit	Deuelit
deve	he must
deveja	camel
deveje	camel
devenë	camel
devesë	camel
devesh	devesh
devetë	camels
deveve	camels
devijo	Devija
devijoj	digress
devijojë	divert
devijojnë	deviate
devijon	Strays
devijuan	deviated
devijuar	Strayer
devotshëm	devotional
devotshmërinë	devotion
dezertimit	desertion
dezertorët	deserters
dezertuar	defected
dha	dha
dhaçë	goat
Dhallmanuthait	Dhallmanuthait
Dhallmati	Nationality
dham	dham
Dhamare	1. Dhamare
Dhamaska	The funeral
Dhamaskësë	Damascus
Dhamasko	Dhamasco
Dhamaskosë	Damascus
dhambë	tooth
dhambët	teeth
dhambëtë	teeth
dhambëvet	teeth
dhambit	sin
dhamë	granted
dhamp	dhamp
dhan	whole
dhana	concept
dhançi	dance
dhandërr	son-in-law
dhandërrë	groom
dhandërri	groom
dhandërrinë	the groom
dhandërrisë	wedding
dhandrrinë	son-in-law
dhandrrit	dhandrrit
dhanë	Dhana
dhanënë	gave
dhanës	donor
dhanësa	data
dhanësi	donor
dhanësinë	the givenness
dhanëtë	data
Dhaniil	Dhaniil
dhansha	dhansha
dhash	give
dhashë	I gave
dhasht	I gave
dhashtë	forbid
dhaskal	teacher
dhaskale	another one
dhaskalë	schoolgirl
dhaskalepsurë	scolding
dhaskalër	teacher
dhaskalët	teachers
dhaskalëtë	the girls
dhaskalëvet	the teachers
dhaskali	dhaskali
dhaskalin	scold
dhaskalit	teacher
dhatë	gave
Dhathanë	Color
Dhavidh	dhavidh
Dhavidhë	David
Dhavidhi	dhavidhi
Dhavidhinë	David
Dhavidhit	dhavidhit
Dhavidhnë	David
dhe	AND
dhé	two
dhè	god
dhë	and
Dhedhani	Thank you.
Dhekapol	Dhekapol
Dhekapoli	Dhekpoli
Dhekapolit	Decapolis
dhekatis	dhekatis
dhekatisni	note
dheks	dheks
dheksëjmë	we sing
dheksëjnë	they are ringing
dheksem	dheksem
dheksenë	the ten
dheksetë	tenths
dheksi	accent
dheksjë	one
dheksjëmë	ten o'clock
dheksjënë	ten one
dheksmëni	tenor
dheksnë	dext
dheksni	dheksni
dhekstë	right
dheksurë	fragrant
dheksurit	the snorers
dhelpënash	foxes
Dhelpënatë	Fox night
dhelpëne	fox
dhelpër	Charley
dhelpërash	fox
Dhelpëratë	Foxhound
dhelpërësë	foxes
dhelpëri	slyness
dhelpra	fox
dhelprat	foxes
dhelpre	fox
dhëmb	tooth
dhëmballët	molar
dhëmballëtë	molars
dhëmbë	teeth
dhëmbëje	tooth
dhëmbëjet	teeth
dhëmbësh	dental
dhëmbët	tooth
dhëmbetë	teeth
dhëmbëtë	teeth
dhëmbëve	tooth
dhëmbëvet	teeth
dhëmbi	tooth
dhëmbin	tooth
dhëmbit	tooth
dhembja	pain
dhembje	pain
dhembjeje	cry
dhembjen	pain
dhembjes	sorrow
dhembjet	pain
dhembjeve	pains
dhembshme	painful
dhembshur	CARING
dhembshuri	compassion
dhembshuria	compassion
dhembshurinë	compassion
dhembshurisë	compassion
dhembshuritë	mercies
dhembshurive	mercies
dhëmbura	toothache
dhëmburat	teeth
dhëmburatë	toothless
dhëmburavet	toothache
dhëmburë	toothless
dhëmburit	toothache
dhëmburitë	pains
dhemonë	demon
dhemonëtë	demons
dhemonëvet	demons
dhemonisetë	demoniacs
dhemonisurë	demonized
dhemonisuri	demon hunter
dhemonisurinë	demonic possession
dhemonisuritë	demons
dhemonit	demons
dhemp	dhampur
dhëmp	tooth
dhëmpnjë	tooth
dhëmpshim	kiss
dhempshurë	compassionate
dhëmpshurë	sweetheart
dhëmpshuri	compassion
dhëmpte	teeth
dhen	of them
dhën	give
dhëna	INFORMATION
dhenat	Data
dhenatë	night
dhënatë	data
dhënave	DATA
dhënç	ram
dhënçin	the lamb
dhënd	sheep
dhëndër	fiance
dhëndërë	groom
dhëndëri	groom
dhëndërinë	the groom
dhëndërisë	groom
dhëndërit	groom
dhëndërr	been son
dhëndërri	the bridegroom
dhëndet	the sheep
dhëndri	groom
dhëndrin	bridegroom
dhëndrit	Groom
dhëndurët	bridegrooms
dhëndurëve	sons in law
dhëndurrëvet	groomsmen
dhenë	given
dhënë	CLUE
dhënës	transducer
dhënëset	transducer
dhënësi	giver
dhënësit	Providers
dhenet	money
dhënet	given
dhënët	infor- mation
dhënëtë	given
dhëni	award
dhënie	giving
dhënien	AWARD
dhënies	award
dhënit	award
dhensh	sheep
dhënsh	flock
dhent	dhent
dhënt	give
dhentë	sheep
dhëntë	grant
dhenve	chickenpox
dhenvet	sheep
dhër	soils
dhera	soils
dheratë	soil
dheravet	soils
dhëroi	gave
dhëroje	gift
dhërojë	donate
dhëron	gives
dhëronej	be given
dhëronem	I am given
dhërova	I gave
dherrat	the soils
dhëruanë	they gave
dhëruarë	gifted
Dhervë	Dherve
Dherveu	Dherveu
dhes	right
dhesç	give
dheshëm	we gave
dheshmit	witnesses
dhesnë	give
dhesnjënë	ten one
dhestë	ten
dhet	this
dheta	data
dhetë	dhet
dhetën	the tenth
dhetënë	the tenth
dhetësh	ten
dhetët	ten
dhetëtë	tenth
dhetëvet	ten
dhethit	the poor
dhetta	just
dhetti	these
dhettinë	ten
dheu	earth
dheujësat	the earthworms
dheujëza	small pond
dheujëzat	the earthworms
dheujëzatë	earthworm
dheujëzavet	water bodies
dheujëzësë	water lilies
dheun	the soil
dheut	SOIL
dhez	dhez
dhezë	IGNITION
dhezi	black
dhezjënë	fire
dheznë	fire
dhezura	dhezura
dhezurë	dear
dhezurit	the gods
dhi	dhi
dhia	jump
dhiafendepsurë	hyafendepsure
Dhiakonë	deacons
dhiakonët	deacons
Dhiakonëtë	Deacons
dhiakoni	deacon
dhiakoninë	deaconess
dhiakonisë	Diakonia
dhiakris	dhiakris
dhiamant	diamond
dhiamë	goat
dhiamët	the elephants
dhiamëtë	camels
dhiami	dear
dhiamin	the goat
dhiaminë	the devil
dhiamit	the devil
dhiata	TESTAMENT
dhiatatë	testament
dhiatavet	testaments
dhiate	diet
dhiatë	testament
dhiaten	gaps
dhiatën	Testament
dhiatenë	vow
dhiatënë	the will
dhiatës	testamentary
dhiatësë	testament
dhiatet	testaments
dhiatët	the wills
dhiathiq	god
dhiathiqetë	god
dhiathiqi	god
dhiathiqisë	god
dhiathiqit	dhathiqit
dhiathiqnë	god
dhiavas	goddess
dhiavasetë	devil's advocate
dhiavasi	dhivasi
dhiavasjënë	devil's advocate
dhiavasnë	devil
dhiavastë	devilish
dhiavasurë	dhiavasura
dhiavasurit	the devils
dhiavasuritë	the devils
dhidhahi	dhidhahi
dhidhahia	god
dhidhahin	dhidhahin
dhidhahinë	pain
dhidhahira	dhidhahira
dhidhahisë	grief
dhidhaho	teeth
dhidhahu	didhahu
dhidhahut	pain
dhidhakça	thorn
dhidhaks	dhidhaks
dhidhaksa	dildo
dhidhakse	diligently
dhidhaksej	dikhaksez
dhidhaksetë	eighty-eight
dhidhaksi	diligence
dhidhaksinë	the fatness
dhidhaksjë	a little girl
dhidhaksjëmë	sad
dhidhaksjënë	one's own
dhidhaksm	dhidhaksm
dhidhaksn	dhidhaksn
dhidhaksnë	dhidhaksne
dhidhaksni	dhidhaksni
dhidhakste	learned
dhidhaksurë	heartbroken
dhidhaksuritë	the bitterness
dhidhaskalepsjë	scoundrel
dhidhaskali	another person
dhidhaskalia	dhidhaskalia
dhidhaskaliet	didhaskaliet
dhidhaskalin	deviant
dhidhaskalira	dhidhaskalira
dhidhaskalisë	scoundrel
dhidhaskalitë	the scoundrels
Dhidhimo	Didymus
dhie	goat
Dhiësë	Goat
dhiet	dhiet
dhieta	dhieta
dhietat	the goats
dhietatë	diet
dhietë	goat
dhietën	the tenth
dhietënë	the tenth
dhietëra	tens
dhietës	tithe
dhietësë	tithe
dhietëshinë	the tenth
dhietët	the tenths
dhietinë	the goat
dhietit	goats
dhietnë	ten
dhietuari	the devil
dhijetë	ten
Dhikllau	Dhikllau
dhilë	deer
Dhimai	Dhimai
dhimbet	sympathize
dhimbetë	pain
dhimbja	pain
dhimbje	pain
dhimbjen	pAIN
dhimbjes	pain
dhimbjet	COLIC
dhimbjeve	pains
dhimbs	compassion
dhimbsen	compassion
dhimbsën	pity
dhimbset	sorry
dhimbshëm	painful
dhimbshin	they hurt
dhimbshme	painful
dhimbunat	dimple
dhimbunë	pain
Dhimitër	Demetrius
Dhimitri	Demetrius
Dhimitrin	Demetrius
Dhimitrionë	Demetrios
dhimpshim	dhimpshim
dhimpt	dhimpt
dhimptnë	pain
dhimptuna	dhimptuna
dhimptunash	dhimptunash
dhimptunat	dhimptunat
dhimptunavet	dhimptunavet
dhimptunë	dhimptunu
dhimptunitë	the dhimptunies
dhimshim	sorrow
dhimshpim	pain
dhimti	dhimti
dhimtshim	dhimtshim
dhimtshime	heart
dhimtuna	and death
dhimtunat	dhimtunat
dhimtunavet	dim sum
dhimtunë	pain
dhimtunit	the pain
dhimtunitë	pains
dhinar	dinar
dhinarë	Dinars
Dhionisioi	Dionysius
Dhioris	Dioris
dhiorisi	diorisi
dhiorisnë	in the morning
dhiorisurë	diorisurë
dhiorthosni	deviant
dhiorthosurë	dioorthosura
Dhioskurëvet	The Dark Ones
Dhiotrofi	Dhiotrophy
dhipllosiani	dhipllosiani
dhipllosurë	sloppy
dhiqel	scumbag
dhiqeosnë	sad
dhiqeosurë	sad
dhisë	goat
dhish	goats
dhisni	dhisni
dhisqet	dhisqet
dhistakse	construction
dhit	from you
dhitë	goats
dhitësh	goat
dhitët	the dhīts
dhitëtë	goats
dhitëvet	goats
dhive	goats
dhivet	dhivet
dhizetë	ten
dhjafuar	skinny
dhjake	clerk
dhjakët	deacon
dhjakëve	deacons
dhjakoneshë	deaconess
dhjam	grease
dhjamë	grease
dhjami	Fats
dhjamin	the fat
dhjamit	Fats
dhjamur	dhyamur
dhjata	Testament
dhjatatë	ten
dhjatë	Testament
dhjatën	TESTAMENT
dhjatësë	vow
dhjet	DECEMBER
dhjeta	Tithing
dhjetat	tithes
dhjetave	tithes
dhjetë	ten
dhjetëkordëshe	ten-string
dhjetëmijëshen	ten thousand
dhjetën	tenth
dhjetënë	tenth
dhjetëra	tens
dhjetërave	tens
dhjetës	tithes
dhjetët	ten
dhjetëtë	ten
dhjetëtënë	tenth
dhjetëve	ten
dhjetëvjeçare	ten
dhjeti	tenth
dhjetit	tenth
dhjosmonë	fat man
dhjosmosë	obesity
Dhodhanimi	2. Therapeutic
dhoga	mud
dhogë	dog
dhogmëra	dogma
Dhojku	The dog
dhokan	shop
dhoksatë	stupid
dhoksëvet	boats
dhoma	room
dhomat	the rooms
dhomatë	rooms
dhomave	CHAMBERS
dhomavet	rooms
dhome	room
dhomë	CHAMBER
dhomën	CHAMBER
dhomës	CHAMBER
dhomësë	the room
dhomët	the rooms
dhomëzën	compartment
dhoqimas	dhoqimas
dhoqimasenë	milkshake
dhoqimasetë	milkshake
dhoqimasi	slander
dhoqimasjë	nothing
dhoqimasm	dhoqimasm
dhoqimasnë	without fail
dhoqimasni	I don't care.
dhoqimasur	dhoqimasur
dhoqimasurë	unscrupulous
dhoqimi	my name
dhoqimí	dhōqīmī
dhoqimia	doqima
dhoqimin	snoring
dhor	a few
dhrahmi	drachma
dhrahminë	Drachma
dhrahmira	drachma
dhrakon	dhrakon
dhrakonë	dragon
dhrakoni	dhrakoni
dhrakonit	dragonfly
dhri	three
dhria	three
dhrisë	deer
dhritë	light
dhrom	back
dhropiqasurë	drop
Dhrusilënë	Drusilla
dhuna	violence
dhune	violence
dhunë	violence
dhunën	DOA
dhunënë	raise violence
dhunëra	violence
Dhunërat	Violence
dhunës	vIOLENCE
dhunësë	violence
dhunët	violence
dhunëti	violence
dhunëtia	violence
dhunëtiash	violent
dhunëtiat	violence
dhunëtiatë	violence
dhunëtin	violence
dhunëtinë	violence
dhunëtisë	violence
dhunëtitë	violence
dhunohen	raped
dhunohet	violated
dhunoi	raped
dhunojënë	rape
dhunon	Invades
dhunosh	dunnosh
dhunshëm	violently
dhunshme	violent
dhunshmit	violent
dhunti	flair
dhuntia	Grace
dhuntinë	Excellence
dhuntisë	bounty
dhuntish	gift
dhuntitë	gifts
dhuntive	gifts
dhunuan	they raped
dhunuar	raped
dhurat	gift
dhurata	gift
dhuratash	Gift
dhuratat	gifts
dhuratatë	gifts
dhuratave	Gift
dhurate	GIFT
dhuratë	gift
dhuratën	GIFT
dhuratënë	the gift
dhuratëra	gift
dhuratës	GIFT
dhuratësë	gift
dhurëti	gift
dhurëtia	gift
dhurëtin	the gift
dhurëtinë	the gift
dhurëtira	gift
dhurëtisë	donation
dhurëtit	the donors
dhurëtitë	gifts
dhurëtivet	gifts
dhurohem	give myself
dhuroi	donated
dhuroj	donate
dhuroja	a present
dhurojë	donate
Dhuroji	Offer
dhuron	give
dhurova	donated
dhurua	donated
dhuruan	donated
dhuruar	donating
dhurues	donor
dhuruesi	DONORS
di	Of
dia	travel
diademë	diadem
diademën	crown
diademës	crown
diaj	divine
diajsh	of course
diajt	slide
diajtë	devils
diajvet	diabetes
dial	dial
dialë	dial
dialektin	dialect
dialën	dial
dialënë	dial
dialëri	dialer
dialërisë	dialouge
diali	they went
dialin	dialing
dialinë	dialin
dialit	dialit
diall	deviation
diallësi	devilry
diallësin	the devil
diallësonetë	devil's sonnet
dialli	dial
diallin	dial
diallinë	diallyl
diallit	dials
diallosëmvet	diallosomvet
diallosunë	we are devils
diallosuni	diallosuni
diallosunin	diallosunin
diallosuninë	devilishness
diallosunitë	devils
dialosh	dialogue
dialoshat	dialoshat
dialoshatë	dialogue
dialoshë	dialogue
dialoshët	the dialects
dialoshëtë	Dialogs
dialoshi	dialoshi
dialoshinë	dialogue
dialthinë	dialect
diamant	diamond
diamante	diamante
diamanti	diamonds
diametër	diameter
Diana	Diana
Dianës	Diana
Dianësë	Diana
diaspër	jasper
diasporën	the diaspora
diaspra	jasper
diaspri	jaspers
diathëta	diathea
diatht	diatht
diathta	diathta
diathtash	diathtash
diathtë	diath
diathtën	diathon
diathtënë	diathne
diathtës	diathth
diathtësë	diathth
diathtet	diathtet
diathtët	the gods
diathti	diathti
diathtit	diathtit
Diblahut	Diblath
Diblaimit	Diblaim
Diblathaim	Diblathaim
Diblathaimi	Diblathaimi
Diblathaimin	Diblathaimin
Dibon	Fake
Diboni	Dibon
Dibonin	Dibonin
Dibrit	Dibri
diç	something
dica	tip
dicavet	be careful
diçëmitë	some things
dicili	chopped
diçka	SOMETHING
Didon	Dido
didrahmave	didrachms
die	the
diegë	those
diegëmë	we are dying
diegëmes	the knife
diegëmetë	proverb
diegënë	the fire
diegun	we have
dieguna	what we have
diegunat	I have them.
diegunë	diego
dieguninë	we are talking about
diegunit	tell me
diegur	dieg
diegura	diegura
diegurat	diegurated
dieguratë	diegurata
diegurë	sunstroke
diegurënë	the sun
dieguri	dieguri
diegurinë	dysuria
diejt	I have died.
diek	dyke
diekç	thank you
dieksh	dieksh
diektë	someone
diela	works
dielë	SUNDAY
dielën	SUNDAY
dielës	SUNDAY
dielësë	Sunday
diell	SUNNY
diellë	sun
diellënë	the sun
dielli	SUN
diellin	Sun.
diellinë	the sunshine
diellit	Sun.
diellt	dielly
dielm	dielm
dielmëni	Sunday
dielmënia	Sunday
dielmënine	Sunday
dielmënisë	Sunday
dielmëria	Sunday
dielmt	dielmt
dielmtë	Sunday
dielmthit	dielmthit
dielmvet	dielmvet
diem	diem
diemt	diet
diemtë	daily
dien	serve
dier	animal
dieret	animal
diergunë	journey
diergunitë	the Diergunites
diersa	diersa
diersën	there
diert	diet
diertë	animals
dieshime	dieshime
dieshme	dieshme
diftim	diftim
difto	spread
diftoftë	cold
diftohenë	they are being denied
diftohet	it is cold
diftohetë	it is cold
diftoi	diphtheria
diftoj	difts
diftojë	diphthong
diftojën	diphthong
diftojënë	diphtheria
diftojinë	diphtheria
diftojn	difts
diftojnë	they are struggling
diftojsh	to call
diftojshinë	diphtheria
diftomë	diphthoma
difton	differentiating
diftona	diftona
diftoni	diphthongs
diftonte	diphthong
diftova	diftova
diftove	diftove
diftu	diftu
diftue	thus be argued
diftuem	we were invited
diftuen	they are invited
diftuenë	dystonia
diftuetë	invitations
diftumë	longing
diftun	diphthong
digj	you
digjam	burn
digjei	you
digjej	burned
digjem	burn out
digjen	Ablaze
digjenë	burn
digjeni	burned
digjesh	burn
digjeshë	burn
digjeshin	burned
digjet	burned
digjetë	burn
digjimi	combustion
digjinë	burn
digjja	you
digjnë	burn
digjni	burn
digjnin	burned
digjo	burn
digjoç	firecracker
digjofi	digiof
digjoftë	listen
digjoi	listened
digjoijn	dig it
digjoijnë	listen
digjoj	burn
digjojë	burn
digjojëmë	listen to me
digjojënë	burn
digjojëtë	the fireflies
digjojmë	We hear
digjon	burns
digjoneç	Dijon mustard
digjonenë	Dijon
digjonetë	dijon mustard
digjoni	burn
digjonte	was burning
digjova	I heard
digjove	you burned
digjte	burned
digju	Burn
digjua	burn
digjuam	we heard
digjuanë	digivan
digjuara	burned
digjuarë	diggers
digjuarësë	detectives
digjuaret	the diggers
digjuarit	the diggers
digjuaritë	the diggers
digjuatë	digua
dihata	was coming
dihej	known
dihet	KNOW
dihetë	known
díi	stick
dij	against
dija	I knew
dije	said
dijë	KNOW
dijem	I am
dijen	thighs
dijënë	knowledge
dijeni	AWARE
dijeninë	knowledge
dijes	KNOWLEDGE
dijet	KNOWLEDGE
dijetarë	scholars
dijetarët	scholars
dijetarëve	scholars
dijëtë	knowledge
diji	live in
dijie	dijie
dijinë	knowledge
dijnë	KNOW
dijnie	dijnie
dijsh	dijsh
dijshinë	knowledge
dijte	give
dijti	digital
dijtiça	knowledge
dijtitë	knowledge
dijture	dinner
dijturë	knowledge
dijturësë	scholars
dijturet	would say
dijturit	scholars
dijturitë	knowledge
dikë	SOMEONE
Diklahu	Boiled
diktimin	dictation
diktuar	dictated
diku	AROUND
dikujt	to someone
dikur	ONCE
dikurshëm	yore
dikurshme	formerly
dikush	someone
dikushi	somebody
dil	language
dilë	come out
Dileani	Dilijani
dilem	dilemma
dili	not
dilim	dark
dilinë	the exit
dilja	go out
dilje	came forth
dilli	multilingual
dillit	dillit
dilni	GO
dilnim	get out
dilnin	out
dilnit	exit
dilnje	melons
dilshie	dilshie
dilshinë	widowhood
dilte	out
dim	dim
dimbëdhjet	twelve
dimbëdhjeta	twelve
dimbëdhjetë	twelve
dimbëdhjetëtë	the twelve
dimbëdhjetëvet	the twelve
dimë	KNOW
dimën	Dime
dimënë	in winter
dimëninë	winter
dimënit	winter
dimënojn	winter
dimensionet	dimensions
dimënuem	we wintered
dimër	winter
dimërit	winter
dimëroj	overwinter
dimërojëm	winter
dimëron	wintering
dimëronjënë	winter
dimëruar	wintered
dimëruarë	wintered
dimi	twill
Dimnahun	Wherever
Dimonahu	Dimonahu
Dimonë	Dimona
Dimonit	Dimon
dimri	wintry
dimrin	winter
dimrinë	winter
dimrit	winter
din	FROM
Dina	ignoble
Dinaha	Countries
Dinahë	Dinah
Dinahënë	Dinahena
Dinahësë	Dinahs
dinaitët	the dinaites
dinak	sly
dinake	cunning
dinakëri	trickery
dinakëria	craftiness
dinakërin	the cunning one
dinakërinë	craftiness
dinakërira	cunning
dinakërisë	trickery
dinakërisht	cunningly
dinakëritë	deceiving
dinakëve	crafty
dinaknë	cunning
dinaku	my day
dinakut	scared
dinar	dinar
dinarë	dinars
dinastisë	dynasty
dinë	know​
Dinën	Dinah
dineni	dinners
Dinës	Dinah
Dinhabah	Dinhabah
dini	religious
dinia	world
diniaja	world
dinianë	religious
diniasë	knowledge
dinim	knew
dinin	religion
dininë	knowledge
dinit	Deen
dinjam	stabbed
dinjitet	dignity
dinjitetet	dignities
dinjiteteve	dignities
dinjiteti	dignity
dinjitozë	dignified
dinte	KNEW
Dionis	Dionysus
Dionys	Dionysus
Dioskurët	Twin Brothers
Dioskurëtishin	Dioscuri
Dioskurëve	Twin Brothers
Diotrefi	Diotrefi
diqind	you are crying
diqni	diqni
direkun	direkun
direkut	Direct
dirgjei	dirge
dirgjem	I send
dirgjen	dirge
dirgjeshinë	dirge
dirgjeshitë	the dirges
dirgjetë	mast
dirgji	dirge
disa	OTHER USEFUL
disave	FEW
disfata	The defeat
disfatë	defeat
disfatën	defeat
disfatës	defeatist
dish	dish
Dishan	Dishan
Dishani	Dishan
Dishanit	Dishaanit
dishepolle	disciple
dishepuj	DISCIPLES
dishepujsh	followers
dishepujt	DISCIPLES
dishepujtë	disciples entered
dishepujtvet	disciples
dishepujve	DISCIPLES
dishepujvet	the disciples
dishepull	disciple
dishepulli	The disciple
dishepullin	disciple
dishepullinë	discipleship
dishepullit	disciples
dishie	dishie
dishiem	dishiem
dishitë	you know
Dishon	Dishon
Dishoni	Dishon
Dishonit	Dishon
disi	Quite
Disiplina	Discipline
disipline	discipline
disiplinë	discipline
disiplinën	DISCIPLINE
diskreditohet	discredited
diskreditojë	discredit
diskutim	discussion
diskutime	discussions
diskutimet	discussion
diskutimi	dISCUSSION
diskutimin	Discuss
diskutoi	QUESTIONED
diskutoj	discussions
diskutoja	discussion board
Diskutoje	Debate
diskutojë	discuss
diskutojmë	DISCUSS
diskutojnë	discuss
Diskuton	Discussion
diskutoni	discuss
diskutonin	discuss
diskutonit	disputed
diskutonte	discuss
diskutuar	DISCUSSION
disponojë	dispose
dispozicion	AVAILABLE
dispozicionin	AVAILABLE
dispozita	provision
distancat	Distances
distancë	distance
dit	it
dita	said
dite	said
ditë	day
ditëlindja	birthday
ditëlindjen	birthday
ditëme	DITEM
ditëmitë	thousands of days
ditën	DAY
ditënë	the day
ditëra	days
ditës	DAY
ditësë	of the day
ditësh	days
ditet	DAYS
ditët	day
ditëve	days
ditëvet	the days
diti	fingers
ditinë	the day
ditit	Diti
ditka	ditka
ditke	ditke
ditkeni	was signed
ditor	DAILY
ditore	daily
ditorë	day
ditsh	days
ditsha	lands
ditshëm	wise
ditshi	ear
ditshim	ditshim
ditshime	promised
ditshimi	lie
ditshiminë	the date
ditshimish	ditshimish
ditshimit	date
ditshimitë	dates
ditshimvet	fatigue
ditshuna	opportunities
ditshunat	ditshunat
ditt	your
dittë	this
dittsh	ditch
ditun	has
ditunë	know
dituni	you are welcome
ditunia	ditonia
ditunie	Tuesday
ditunin	ditunin
ditunisë	knowledge
ditur	KNOW
diturë	wisdom
dituret	to last
dituri	KNOWLEDGE
dituria	knowledge
diturie	Proficiency
diturin	knowledge
diturinë	wisdom
diturisë	knowledge
diturit	wise
dituritë	knowledge
diturve	diturve
ditve	days:
ditvet	ditweet
divanë	couches
divanet	couches
divani	sofas
divanin	Divan
divet	you must
divizione	in the division
divizionet	divisions
divizioneve	divisions
divizioni	DIVISION
divizionin	the division
divizionit	division
Divorci	Divorce
divorcin	divorce
Dizahabit	Dizahabita
dizenteri	dysentery
dizet	say
djaj	demons
djajet	djajet
djajsh	djajsh
djajtë	devils
djajve	devils
djalë	boy
djalën	the boy
djalënë	the boy
djalëria	boyhood
djalërisë	boyhood
djali	SON
djalin	boy
djalit	SON
djall	devil
djallëzi	diablerie
djallëzinë	wickedness
djallëzira	mischief
djallëzore	diabolic
djalli	DEVIL
djallin	devil
djallinë	devil
djallit	devil
djalosh	guy
djaloshi	The boy
djaloshin	boy
djaloshit	boy
djashta	djashta
djathë	cheese
djathëta	cheese
djathëtë	cheese
djathëtënë	cheese
djathëti	cheese
djathi	cheese
djathta	right
djathtas	right
djathtat	right hand
djathtë	right
djathtën	right
djathtës	right-wing
dje	YESTERDAY
djeg	grill
djegë	burn
djegënë	burn
djegëse	FUEL
djegësh	burn
djegia	COMBUSTION
djegie	FIRE
djegien	BURNING
djegies	BURNING
djegim	burning
djegin	burn
djegur	BURNED
djegura	burned
djeguratë	burnt
djegurë	burnt
djegurit	afterburning
djelm	boy
djelmet	djelmet
djelmët	the boys
Djelmoshat	youths
djelmt	boys
djelmtë	boys
Djelmthit	Djelmthit
djem	BOYS
djema	guys
djemën	the boy
djemëna	boys
djemënavet	boys
djemënish	boyish
djemënit	the boy
djemënitë	childhood
djemet	jam
djemt	Guys
djemtë	boys
djemve	boys
djemvet	boys
djerr	fallow
djerrë	uncultivated
djerrinë	FALLOW
djersa	sweat
djersën	sweat
djersitesh	sweat
djeshme	yesterday's
djeshmes	yesterday
djethinë	the past
dlirë	Tomb
do	do
doba	era
dobat	dobat
dobë	poorly
dobësi	weakness
dobësia	weakness
dobësina	weakness
dobësinat	weaknesses
dobësinavet	weaknesses
dobësinë	WEAKNESS
dobësinësë	weakness
dobësirën	weakness
dobësisë	weakness
dobësitë	weaknesses
dobësofshin	slack
dobësoftë	wasting
dobësohej	weakened
dobësohen	weakened
dobësohesh	thinner
dobësohet	weakened
dobëson	weakens
dobësonte	weaken
dobësua	weakened
dobësuan	weakened
dobësuar	weakened
dobësuara	weakened
dobët	POOR
dobëta	WEAKNESSES
dobëtë	wEAKNESSES
dobëti	weak
dobëtin	weak
dobëtit	WEAK
dobëvet	weaknesses
dobi	age
dobia	usefulness
Dobiçi	Dobichi
dobie	dobie
dobinë	usefulness
dobiprurëse	advantageous
dobishëm	BENEFICIAL
dobishme	helpful
dobtëve	weak
Dodai	Dodai
Dodanimi	Added
Dodavahut	Delivery
Dodit	Dodit
Dodos	I'm going.
Doeg	Doeg
Doegu	The dog
Doegut	Doegut
doemos	Of course
Dofkah	Dophkah
Dofkahu	Dofkahu
doganë	CUSTOMS
doganës	Customs Service
dogj	burned
dogja	burned
dogjën	burned
dogji	burned
dogjnë	burn
dogmatë	dogma
doi	doi
doishiem	twohiem
doishinë	doishin
doishitë	Doishes
doj	doj
doja	like
doje	wanted
dojë	wills
dojëm	we love
dojëtë	the doe
doji	doji
dojim	I am breastfeeding.
dojinë	the doge
dojnë	they wish
dojshin	they wanted
dojshinë	motherhood
dojshitë	milkmaids
dokrra	moonshine
doktor	doctor
doktrina	DOCTRINE
doktrinash	doktrinash
doktrinave	doctrines
doktrinë	doctrine
doktrinën	DOCTRINE
doktrinës	doctrine
dokument	document
dokumente	documents
dokumentet	the document
dokumenteve	documents
dokumenti	documents
dokumentin	documentary
dola	dollar
dole	must
dolëm	We came
dolën	came out
dolët	you came
doli	came out
dolla	dolla
dolle	crazy
dolli	emanated
domethënë	THAT IS
domethënien	the meaning
domosdo	necessarily
don	don
dona	dona
donatia	donation
doni	to give
donim	like
donin	They want
donit	like
donjë	any
donte	LOVED
dontej	don't
doq	what?
doqnë	doqn
dor	pain
dora	dora
dorazë	glove
dore	here you go
dorë	HAND
dorëcung	delivery
dorëcunga	handcuffs
dorëdhënë	generous
dorëdhënës	donor
dorëgjerësinë	liberality
dorëhapur	dorëhapur
dorëlirë	being generous
dorën	hand
dorënë	Dorena
dorës	flashlights
dorësë	hand
dorëshkrime	manuscripts
dorëshkrimin	manuscript
doret	hands
dorët	Dorians
doreza	gloves
dorëza	gloves
dorëzanë	warranter
dorëzani	bail
dorëzat	GLOVES
dorëzatë	glove
dorëzavet	gloves
dorëzë	glove
dorezën	Door handle
dorëzësë	gloves
dorëzim	delivery
dorëzo	Deliver
dorëzohej	surrender
dorëzohemi	surrender
dorëzohen	submitted
dorëzohesh	surrender
dorëzohesha	delivered
dorëzohet	surrender
dorëzohuni	surrender
dorëzoi	handed
dorëzoj	give
dorëzojani	Hand out
dorëzojë	Surrender
dorëzojmë	YIELD
dorëzojnë	SUBMIT
dorëzon	submit
dorëzoni	hand over
dorëzonim	hand over
dorëzonin	submit
dorëzonte	submit
dorëzosh	submit
dorëzova	delivered
dorëzove	delivered
dorëzua	handed
dorëzuan	submitted
dorëzuar	submitted
dorëzuara	submitted
dorëzuat	delivered
Dorin	wish
Dorit	wanted
Dorka	Dorothy
Dorkada	dorkada
Dorkadë	Dorcas
dosa	sin
dot	dot
dotë	would like
Dothan	Dothan
doza	danger
dragoi	dragon
dragoin	the dragon
dragoit	Dragon
dragonjt	dragoon
dragua	dragon
draguanë	dragonfly
drangonjet	dragonfly
drangonjëvet	dragons
drangonjsh	dragonjsh
drangonjtë	dragons
drangua	drangua
drangue	drangue
drapën	sickle
drapënin	the sickle
drapëninë	sickle
drapër	sickle
drapërat	sickles
drapërin	the sickle
drapërinë	the sickle
drapërinj	pruning
drapërinjtë	vine
drapinj	drapinj
drapri	drapes
draprin	draprin
drasa	study
drashunë	drashun
drashunjë	scumbag
dre	dre
drë	three
dredh	frizz
dredha	frizz
dredharak	slippery
dredharake	crooked
dredhë	crimp
dredhëje	winding
dredhësinë	cunning
dredhi	trickery
dredhia	plotting
dredhinë	craftiness
dredhitë	wiles
dredhive	wiles
dredhon	dredhon
dredhuan	they cheated
dredhunë	trick
dredhura	curly
dredhuratë	twist
dredhure	winding
dredhurë	twisted
dredhuret	twists
dredhurët	the crooked ones
dredhuri	deceit
dredhurit	the twists and turns
drehem	dream
drehemë	we tremble
dreheminë	drachma
dreit	turned
dreita	three
dreitat	three acts
dreite	third
dreitë	right
dreitën	third
dreitënë	right
dreitëni	right
dreitënia	justice
dreitëniat	three-year-old
dreitënie	rightness
dreitënimet	rights
dreitënimi	righting
dreitënin	the right
dreitëninë	right-wing
dreitënisë	justice
dreitënit	right-wing
dreitënuenë	right-wing
dreiteri	dreiteri
dreitëri	leadership
dreitëria	leadership
dreitërie	leadership
dreitërin	the driver
dreitërinë	leadership
dreitërisë	leadership
dreitët	rights
dreitëtë	rights
dreitëve	rights
dreitëvet	rights
dreiti	spread
dreitin	right
dreitinë	right
dreitit	right
dreito	law
dreitoft	dreitoft
dreitoftë	may it be right
dreitohen	are directed
dreiton	dreiton
Dreitoni	Dreitoni
dreitue	direction
dreitvet	dreitvet
drej	turn
drejë	to
drejt	TO
drejta	Four outright
drejtat	RIGHTS
drejtatë	rights
drejte	right
drejtë	FAIR
drejtën	right
drejtënë	right of
drejtënisë	justice
drejtëri	righteousness
drejtëria	righteousness
drejtërie	righteousness
drejtërimetë	straightening
drejtërin	justice
drejtërinë	righteousness
drejtërisë	righteousness
drejtërit	the righteous
drejtës	RIGHT
drejtësë	right
drejtësi	justice
drejtësia	justice
drejtësie	righteousness
drejtësinë	righteousness
drejtësisë	Justice
drejtësisht	justly
drejtët	the righteous
drejtëtë	righteous
drejtëve	the righteous
drejtëvet	rights
drejti	Just
drejtim	direction
drejtimet	direction
drejtimeve	direction
drejtimi	direction
drejtimin	direction
drejtimit	MANAGEMENT
drejtin	righteous
drejtinë	justice
drejtit	righteous
drejtitë	rights
drejto	Lift
drejtofshin	let them be right
drejtoftë	direct
drejtohej	directed
drejtohem	TURN
drejtohemi	CONTACT
drejtohen	ADDRESS
drejtoheni	contact
drejtohesh	APPLY
drejtohesha	turn to
drejtoheshin	directed
drejtohet	RUN
drejtoi	directed
drejtoj	direct
drejtojani	MANAGERS
drejtoje	direct
drejtojë	AND ADVICE
Drejtoji	Straighten
drejtojmë	conducting
drejtojnë	Spearheading
drejton	directs
drejtonen	are directed
drejtonetë	director
drejtoni	GOVERNING
drejtonin	directed
drejtonj	direct
drejtonjë	ruler
drejtonte	directed
drejtori	directory
drejtorit	director
drejtosh	straighten
drejtove	guided
drejtpërdrejt	directly
drejtpërdrejtë	DIRECT
drejtua	Caucus
drejtuam	addressed
drejtuan	headed
drejtuar	directed
drejtuari	Gearing
drejtues	DIRECTORS
drejtuesi	HEAD
drejtuesit	LEADERS
drejtuesve	HEADS
dreka	dragon
drekë	lunch
drekej	shit
drekën	lunch
drekënë	lunch
drekëni	lunch
drekës	lunch
drekësë	lunch
dreknë	lunch
dremisë	Snoozing
dremit	slumber
dremitë	slumber
dremitën	slumbered
dremitësh	slumber
dremitin	slumber
dremitje	nod
dremitnjë	nap
dremitur	slumber
dremiturë	dozing
drenatë	drainage
drenavet	thedrenavet
dreni	marrow
Drenusha	Hind
drenushat	hinds
drenushave	hinds
drenushe	doe
drenushë	doe
dreq	heck
dreqënavet	devils
dreqësi	hell
dreqësia	hell
dreqëzinë	hell
dreqëzitë	the devils
dreqi	Dang
dreqinë	damn it
dreqit	Damned
drere	to move
drerë	deer
drerët	deer
drerëtë	deer
drerëve	stalking
dreri	deer
drëri	deer
drerinë	deer
drërinë	the whole
drerit	deer
dridhej	shaking
dridhëje	tremor
dridhëjenë	tremble
dridhem	twitch
dridhen	shake
dridhenë	tremble
dridheni	tremble
dridhesh	Trembling
dridheshin	shaking
dridheshinë	they trembled
dridhet	shakes
dridhetë	tremble
Dridhi	Dridhi
dridhje	vibration
dridhmë	pulse
dridhshin	dridhshin
Dridhu	Tremble
dridhun	tremble
dridhunë	tremor
dridhuni	tremble
dridhunit	vibration
dridhur	trembling
dridhura	chills
dridhurë	trembling
dridhuritë	tremors
drit	shit
drita	LIGHT
dritare	window
dritarë	windows
dritaren	window
dritares	WINDOW
dritaresh	window
dritaret	the windows
dritarët	the windows
dritarin	the window
dritarja	the window
dritat	the lights
dritatë	the lights
dritave	lights
dritavet	the lights
drite	LIGHT
dritë	light
dritëmbajtësen	candlestick
dritën	LIGHT
dritënë	the light
dritëplota	lightning
dritës	light
dritësë	light
dritëshkurtër	shortsighted
dritet	the place
dritët	the lights
dritëvet	lights
drith	corn
drithë	grain
drithëra	cereals
drithërash	cereal
drithërat	CROPS
drithëratë	cereals
drithëravet	cereals
drithërim	trepidation
Drithërima	sounding
drithërimat	The tie
drithërimë	thrill
drithërohen	dread
drithërohet	quivers
drithëruar	shivering
drithi	cereal
drithin	the grain
drithinë	grain
drithit	cereal
drithma	drithma
drithmat	dream meaning in hindi
drithnikë	garners
Drithnikët	Drithnikët
drithninë	cereal
dritht	dritht
drithte	drithte
drithtë	cereal
drithtërova	I shivered.
drithtim	tremor
drithtuan	convulsed
driza	Burning
drizash	drizash
drizat	halyard
drizatë	thorn
drizavet	drizavet
drobit	drobit
drobitur	haggard
drobolitë	the crumbs
drodh	shook
drodhë	trembling
drodhën	shake
drodhi	scrofula
droguar	Addict
droishinë	droishine
droja	fear
drojë	shyness
drojën	fears
drojinë	shyness
drojshinë	shyness
droni	drones
dronte	drone
droth	droth
drothçë	drothçe
drothnë	tremble
drothsh	drothsh
drove	drove
dru	dru
druadhë	witch
druaj	fear
druajë	fear
Druajeni	And fear
druajnë	fear
druajtja	fear
druajtje	shyness
druajtjen	fear
druajtjes	the fear
druajtur	fearful
druaju	Fear
druan	poor
druani	fear
druanin	feared
druanjë	wooden
druanjënë	the tree
druante	druante
druartrokasin	druartrokasin
druash	afraid
drubeta	company
drubetë	woodpecker
drubetësë	woodcutter
drueim	drueim
druejë	tree
druejën	the tree
druejënë	the tree
druen	the grape
druese	fearful
druhej	the second
druhen	fear
druheshin	feared
druhet	fears
drui	driver
druise	Druze
druj	other
druja	other
druje	second
drujën	the tree
drujënë	the tree
drujse	others
drujta	friends
drujtatë	father-in-law
drujtë	wooden surfaces
drun	on it
druna	Druna
drunat	drunk
drunatë	wood
drunavet	drunavet
druni	wood
drunit	drunit
drunj	trees
drunjer	drunkard
drunjër	woodcutter
drunjsh	a tree
drunjt	Trees
drunjta	wooden
drunjtë	trees
drunjvet	trees
drur	drur
drurë	timber
drurësh	trees
drurët	timbering
drurëtë	woody
drurëve	timbering
drurëvet	the trees
druri	wood
drurin	wood
drurinë	the wood
drurit	wood
drusë	Drews
drush	firewood
drushë	wood
drushtë	wood
Drusilaishte	Drusilla
Drusilën	Drusilla
Drusillënë	Drusilla
drut	wire
drutë	trees
druvar	brewer
druvarë	woodcutter
Druvari	Druvari
druvarit	druvarit
druve	wood
druvet	druvet
Druzila	Friends
dtën	date
du	of
dua	two
duaç	donkey
duaijnë	they love
duaj	peach
duaje	Love her
duajeni	Love
duajini	duajini
duajnë	they love
duajni	love
duajsh	shock of corn
duajt	Dwight
duajve	sheaf
dualë	Douala
duall	duall
duallë	double
duallëm	we were tired
duallm	duallm
duallnë	in duel
dualltë	dual
duam	WANT
duamë	wANT
duan	they want
duanë	Duane
duar	HANDS
duarbosh	empty-handed
duaret	hands
duarëza	gloves
duarsh	Hand
duart	HANDS
duartë	Hand
duartrokasin	applaud
duartroket	applauds
Duartrokisni	cherish
duartrokitën	applauded
duarve	HANDS
duarvet	hands
duarzat	duarzat
duarzavet	gloves
duarzbrazët	empty-handed
duash	LOVING
due	due
duel	duel
duelëm	duel
duelnë	duel
dueltë	duel
duem	we have
duemë	due
duen	which
duenë	dune
duer	enough
duersh	duersh
duert	the doors
duertë	due
duervet	inherited
duesh	you need
dueshë	shower
duganë	dugane
duhe	give me
duhei	duhei
duhej	HAD
duhem	duhem
duhen	NEEDED
duhenë	need
duhesh	I Need
duheshin	needed
duheshnë	you need
duhet	MUST
duhetë	should confer
duhi	duhi
duhishnë	necessary
duhma	yesterday
duhur	RIGHT
duhura	REQUIRED
duk	all
duka	beat
dukçë	duke
duke	duke
dukeç	duke
dukei	duchess
dukej	looked
dukejnë	they look
dukem	sound
dukemi	we look
duken	LOOK
dukën	appeared
dukenë	they seem
dukeni	look
dukesh	look
dukeshim	sight
dukeshin	looked
dukeshinë	duchess
duket	SEEMS
duketë	dukedom
duki	poor
dukishnë	they seemed
dukje	Appearances
dukjen	appearance
dukjes	appearance
duknë	they seem
dukni	daughter
duksh	duksha
dukshëm	BOLD
dukshme	visible
dukshmet	obvious
duktë	duct
duku	small
dukun	witch doctor
dukunë	they appear
dukunit	the dog
dukunitë	the dukuns
dukur	Showing Off
dukure	dukure
dukurë	phenomenon
dukuri	occurrence
dukurinë	phenomenon
dukurit	brightness
dukuritë	ELEMENTS.
dul	to go
dulenja	prolongation
dulenjat	dulenjat
dullenj	dull
dullenja	dullenja
dullenjat	sweet
dullenjatë	lazy
dullenje	to dullen
dullenjënë	dulce
dulnë	please
Dumaha	The devil
Dumahësë	Dumahes
Dumahu	Dumahu
Dumahut	Dumah
dumë	Duma
dun	dun
dunë	dune
Duras	Hard
durë	for you
durësh	patient
durët	hands
duri	thorn
durim	PATIENCE
durimçim	hypocrite
durimi	patience
durimin	PATIENCE
duriminë	patience
durimit	patience
durimn	long
durimnë	patience
durimt	patience
duro	stand
duroç	patient
durofi	doll
durofshi	droofshi
durofshim	May we
duroftë	be patient
duroi	endured
duroijnë	endure
duroimë	we endured
duroishin	duroishin
duroishit	you endured
duroj	bear
duroja	bear
durojë	bear
durojëm	endure
durojënë	patience
Durojeni	Be patient.
durojëtë	patience
durojmë	bear
durojnë	bear
duron	Duro
duroni	bear
duronim	endure
duronin	bear
duronit	bear
duronj	duronj
duronjë	patience
durosh	bear
durova	Durova
durove	durove
duruaçme	clearopen
duruam	durum
duruan	endured
duruanë	patient
duruar	patient
duruarçim	patience
duruarë	patient
duruarit	enduring
duruat	hard
duruatë	patience
duruem	I stand
durueshëm	patient
durueshim	we were patient
durueshme	bearable
duruetë	patience
durushim	my posture
dushë	shower
dushnjezatë	dusty
dy	you
dydrehematë	two-drehemat
dyer	dyer
dyeret	dyeing
dyerët	the doors
dyerëzatë	doorman
dyert	doors
dyertë	doors
dyerve	DOOR
dyervet	the doors
dyfaqshme	two-sided
dyfish	doubly
dyfishi	twice
dyfishin	twice
dyfishojë	double
dyfishtë	DUAL
dyja	both
dyjash	two
dyjatë	two
dyjave	both of them
dylli	WAX
dymbëdhetë	twelve
dymbëdhetëvet	the twelve
dymbëdhiet	twelve
dymbëdhietë	twelve
dymbëdhjetë	twelve
dymbëdhjetët	twelve
dymbëdhjetëve	Twelve
dymbëdhjeti	twelfth
dymëzaj	two-faced
dymijë	Twenty-
dyndem	we took
dyndeshin	pressed
dyndje	onrush
dyqanxhinjtë	Salespersons
dyqind	two hundred
dyrët	Dyre
dysh	two
dyshë	double
dysheme	floor
dyshemeja	the floor
dyshemenë	floor
dyshim	doubt
dyshime	doubt
dyshimet	doubts
dysho	bad
dyshoi	doubted
dyshoja	doubted
dyshojnë	suspect
dyshon	suspects
dyshoni	suspect
dyshove	dyshove
dyshuan	doubted
dyshuar	suspected
dyta	SECOND
dytë	SECOND
dytën	second
dytënë	second
dytës	latter
dytësë	second
dytësore	side
dytët	second
dythundrak	dythundrak
dythundrake	dythundrake
dythundrakët	Cloven
dyti	Second
dytin	SECOND
dytinë	the second
dytit	second
dyve	both
dyzet	forty
dyzetë	forty
dyzetenjëtë	fortieth
dyzetët	forties
dyzetëve	forty
dyzetinë	forty
dyzetvjeçare	dyzetvjeçare
e	and
ë	s
Ebal	Ebal
Ebali	In the story
Eballit	Eballit
Ebed	Eternity
Ebedi	Eternal
Ebedit	Drinks
Eben	Even
Eberi	Eber
Eberin	Eberin
Eberit	Eat
Ebiasaf	Ebiasaph
Ebiasafit	Ebiasafit
Ebronit	Hebron
ec	ec
eca	eca
ecç	ecch
ecë	ECE
ecëijnë	they walk
ecëj	walk
ecejaket	comings and goings
ecejakun	the walker
ecëje	walk
ecëjë	walk
ecëjem	let's walk
ecëjëmë	let's walk
ecëjënë	walk
ecëjëtë	walk
ecëjmë	we walk
ecëjnë	they walk
ecëjsh	walk
ecëm	moved
ecën	proceeds
ecënë	walk
ecëni	walk
ecëninë	the walk
ecënj	walk
ecënjç	walk
eçënjç	walking
ecënjë	walk
ecënjëç	walker
ecënjën	they walked
ecënjënë	walking
ecënjësh	walk
ecënte	accent
ecësh	WALK
ecësha	walking
ecëshiem	walking
ecëshinë	the walk
ecët	walked
ecëte	move on
ecëtë	walk
eci	eci
ecij	aetium
ecim	walking
eçim	choice
ecimë	eczema
eçimit	walking
ecin	walking
ecinë	walk
ecitë	walks
ecja	walking
ecje	walking
ecjeje	walking
ecjen	walking
ecjes	walking
ecjëtë	walk
ecnë	they walk
ecni	WALKING
ecnim	walking
ecnin	walking
ecninë	the walk
ecnit	ecnit
ecnjënë	walking
ecte	walking
ecun	ecun
ecunë	walk
ecunitë	walks
ecur	walk
ecura	ecura
ecurat	Ecurie
ecurë	ecurë
ecurit	Ecurie
ecuritë	trends
Edarit	Edible
Eden	Eden
Edeni	Eden
Edenin	The one who
Edenit	Eden
Ederi	Its value
Ederit	He will eat.
edh	edh
edha	edha
edhe	ALSO
Edhema	Edema
Edhemë	Even so
Edhemënë	Even though
Edhemësë	Even though
edhi	Eddie
Edhom	Edhom
Edhomi	Edom
Edhomit	Edom
Edhomnë	Edhomne
edhuth	edhuth
edikt	edict
edne	edne
Edom	Edom
Edomi	Edom
Edomin	Edomin
Edominë	Edom
Edomit	Edom
edomitë	Edomites
edomitët	Edomites
edomitëve	Edomites
Edomitëvet	The Edomites
edomiti	Edomites
Edrei	Edrei
Edreit	Edreit
Edrej	Edrej
edukator	educator
edukim	education
edukoheshin	educated
edukoj	breed
edukoni	EDUCATE
edukonin	educate
edukua	educated
edukuar	bred
efa	already
Efah	Ephah
Efahësë	Ephahës
Efahu	Ephah
efahut	efahut
Efait	Done
efan	evan
efas	erase
efe	which
efë	yes
efekt	effect
efekti	effect
efektshme	effective
Efeli	Efeli
Eferi	Eferi
Efes	Ephesus
efës	tenth
Efesa	Ephesus
Efesë	Ephesus
Efesësë	Ephesus
Efesi	Ephesians
Efesianë	Ephesus
Efesianët	Ephesians
efesianëve	Ephesians
Efesianëvet	Ephesians
efesianin	Ephesians
Efesianinë	Ephesians
Efesiishte	Ephesians
Efesin	Ephesians
Efesinë	Ephesus
Efesiot	Ephesiot
Efesiotet	Ephesiotet
Efesiotnë	Ephesus
Efesit	Ephesus
Efeso	Ephesus
Efesosë	Ephesus
Efesso	Ephesus
Effatha	Effatha
efharisti	epharist
efharistia	eucharistia
efharistira	efharistira
efharistis	epharistis
efharistisi	epharystis
efharistisjëmë	eucharist
efharistisnë	eucharist
efharistisurë	epharist
efimeria	ephemeris
efimerisë	ephemeris
Eflali	Eflali
Eflalit	Ephlalites
efod	the ephod
efodi	ephod
efodin	ephod
efodinë	ephod
efodit	ephod
Efraim	Ephraim
Efraimi	Ephraim
Efraimin	Ephraim
Efraiminë	Ephraim
Efraimit	Ephraim
Efraimitit	Ephraimite
Efraimnë	Ephraim
Efrani	Ephran
efranitëve	Eranites
Efrat	Euphrates
Efratah	Efratah
Efratahut	Ephrathah
Efratë	Ephrath
Efratej	Efratej
Efratës	Ephrata
efrateut	efrateut
Efratha	Efratha
Efrathah	Ephrathah
Efrathasë	Ephrathah
Efrathin	Efrathin
Efrati	Ephrata
Efratinë	Ephrata
Efratit	Efrati
Efratnë	Ephratah
Efron	Efron
Efroni	Efron
Efroninë	Efronia
Efronit	Ephron
Eftiho	Efti's
Eftsibah	Eftsibah
Efvulloj	Effulls
egër	wild
egërcuanë	savages
egërsi	ferocity
egërsinash	savage
egërsir	savage
egërsira	beast
egërsirat	beast
egërsiratë	savages
egërsiratt	wild animals
egërsirave	savages
egërsiravet	savages
egërsire	beast
egërsisht	Rough
egërsuar	infuriating
Egje	Aegean
egjër	tare
egjëra	wild
egjëratë	fasting
egjëravet	fasts
egjëri	wildness
egjërinë	wilderness
Egjeut	Aegean
Egjipt	Egypt
egjiptas	EGYPTIAN
egjiptase	Egyptian
egjiptasen	Egyptian
egjiptasi	Egyptian
egjiptasin	Egyptian
egjiptasit	Egyptians
egjiptasja	Egyptian
egjiptasve	Egyptians
Egjipti	Egypt
egjiptian	Egyptian
egjiptianët	EGYPTIANS
egjiptianëve	EGYPTIANS
egjiptiani	Egyptian
egjiptianin	Egyptian
Egjiptin	Egypt
Egjiptionë	Egyptians
Egjiptiotë	Egyptians
Egjiptiovet	Egyptians
Egjiptit	EGYPTIAN
Egjiptiu	Egyptian
Egjiptivet	Egyptians
Egjipto	Egypt
Egjiptoja	Egyptian
Egjiptonë	Egyptians
Egjiptosë	Egyptian
egjra	egjra
egjrën	weeds
egjrës	tares
Egjyftëret	Egyptians
Egjyftëri	Egypt
Egjyftëria	Egypt
Egjyftërinë	Egypt
Egjyftërisë	Egypt
Egjyftëtë	Egyptians
Egjyftianë	Egyptians
Egjyftianëtë	Egyptians
Egjyftianëve	Egyptians
Egjyftianin	Egyptian
Egjyftit	Egyptians
Egjypt	Egypt
Egjyptë	Egyptian
Egjyptëri	Egypt
Egjyptëria	Egypt
Egjyptërinë	Egypt
Egjyptërisë	Egypt
Egjyptëtë	Egyptians
Egjyptia	Egypt
Egjyptian	Egyptian
Egjyptianët	Egyptians
Egjyptianëtë	Egyptians
Egjyptianëvet	The Egyptians
Egjyptiani	Egyptian
Egjyptianinë	Egyptian
Egjyptianit	Egyptian
Egjyptinë	Egypt
Egjyptit	Egyptians
Egjyptka	Egypt
Egjyptkë	Egyptian
Egjyptkënë	Egypt
Egjyptkësë	Egypt
Eglahit	Eglahit
Eglahu	Eglahu
Eglaim	Eglaim
Egllaim	Sparkle
Eglon	Eglon
Egloni	Eglon
Eglonin	Eglon
Eglonit	Eglonit
egoistë	selfish
egra	WILD
egrë	Egret
egrëcuarë	wild
egrësira	wilderness
egrësirat	the wilds
egrët	wild
egrëtë	wild
Ehi	Cow
Ehu	Hand
Ehudi	Ehud
Ehudin	Ehudin
Ehudit	Ehud
eja	fish
ejani	COME
ëjt	this is
Ejte	Come on.
Ejtesë	necessities of life
ekatondarh	ekatondar
Ekatondarhë	Ekatondarhë
Ekatondarhnë	Ekatondarhne
Ekatondarhoi	Ekatondarhoi
Ekatondarhu	Ekatondarhu
Ekatondarhut	Ekatondarhut
ekdhiqisurit	the executors
Eked	Eked
Ekedit	Ekedit
Ekeri	Ekeri
Eklektinë	Eclecticism
Eklektisë	Eclecticism
ekonomikisht	economically
ekporepsetë	exporeciple
Ekron	Ekron
Ekroni	Ekron
Ekronin	Ekron
Ekronit	Ekronit
eksetaksurë	execrated
eksodin	exodus
eksorqistitë	exorcisms
ekspedita	expeditions
ekspertë	EXPERTS
ekspertët	experts
ekspertin	expert
eksportonin	export
ekspozohen	DISPLAYED
ekspozohet	exposed
ekspozojnë	exhibit
ekspozua	exposed
ekspozuar	exposed
ekstas	ecstasy
ekstazë	trance
eksusi	exus
eksusia	exusia
eksusisë	exusia
eksusitë	exusia
ekzaltohen	magnify
ekzaminohet	examined
ekzaminojë	examine
ekzaminon	examines
ekzaminuar	examined
ekzekutimit	execution
ekzekutohet	executed
ekzekutoj	executions
ekzekutorëve	executioners
Ekzekutuesit	executioners
ekzemë	eczema
ekzistencë	existence
ekzistojë	there
ekzistojmë	exist
ekzistojnë	THERE
ekziston	THERE
ekzistonin	there
ekzistonte	EXIST
ekzistosh	exist
ekzistuar	EXISTED
ekzistuari	exist
El	He
Eladahu	Eladahu
Elah	Elah
Elahu	God
Elahut	Elah
Elam	Elam
Elami	Mine
Elamin	Living
Elamit	Elamite
elamitë	Elamite
elamitët	Elam
Elasahu	Elasahu
Elasahut	Elasahut
Elasarit	Elasarit
Elath	Elath
Elathi	Which
Elathin	In Latin
Elathit	Elathit
elb	elb
elbi	barley
elbin	barley
elbinë	barley
elbit	barley
elçi	envoy
Eldaahu	Eldaahu
Eldad	Eldad
Eldadi	Eldadi
Eleadi	Eleady
Elealeh	Elealeh
Elealeha	Tired
Elealehë	Elealeh
Elealehu	Gray
Elealehun	Elealehun
Eleasahu	Eleasah
Eleasahut	Eleazar
Eleazar	Eleazar
Eleazari	Eleazar
Eleazarin	Eleazarin
Eleazarinë	Eleazar
Eleazarit	Eleazarite
Eleazarnë	Eleazar
elefandinë	elephant
elefantra	elephant tree
Elefazit	Elephazite
eleftera	left
elefterë	left
elefteri	eleftheri
elefterinë	Eleftheria
elefterisë	leftist
eleftero	left-handed
Elefterotë	Eleftherios Venizelos
elefthero	elefthero
elegancën	elegance
eleimonis	condolences
eleimonisej	condolence
eleimosin	eleimos
eleimosine	eleimosine
eleimosinë	eleimosía
eleimosinet	eleimosinet
eleimosinetë	eleimosinet
eleimosini	mercy
eleimosinit	eleimosinit
eleisenë	Elise
eleisi	Eleisi
eleisinë	Eleisinia
eleism	eleism
Eleismë	Eleism
eleisna	eleisna
eleisurë	elixir
elementa	element
elementat	element
elementatë	elementals
elementavet	elemental name
elementet	elements
elementët	elements
elementeve	elements
Elezieri	Correct
Elhanani	Elhanani
Eli	Or
Elia	Elia
Eliab	Eliab
Eliabi	Eliabi
Eliabit	Eliab
Eliada	Eliada
Eliadahut	Eliadahut
Eliahba	Eliahba
Eliakeimit	Eliakim
Eliakim	Eliakim
Eliakimi	Eliakim
Eliakimin	Eliakim
Eliakimit	Eliakim
Eliami	Eliami
Eliamit	Eliamit
Elian	Elijah
Elianai	Elianai
Eliaqimi	Eliakim
Eliaqiminë	Eliakim
Eliaqimit	Eliakim
Eliaqimnë	Eliakimna
Elias	Elias
Eliasafi	Eliasafi
Eliasafit	Eliasafit
Eliashib	Eliashib
Eliashibi	Eliashib
Eliashibit	Eliashibit
Eliathahu	Elijah
Eliathin	Eliathin
Elidadi	Elidadi
Eliel	Eliel
Elieli	Excavator
Elielin	Elielin
Elielit	Elielit
Eliezer	Eliezer
Eliezeri	Eliezer
Eliezerin	Eliezerin
Eliezerit	Eliezer
Elifalehu	Ashes
Elifali	Elifali
Elifazi	Eliphaz
Elifazin	Elifazin
Elifazinë	Eliphaz
Elifazit	Eliphaz
Elifelet	Elifelet
Elifeleti	Flat
Elihoenai	Elihoenai
Elihorefi	Elihoreph
Elihu	Elihu
Elihut	Elihut
Elijahu	Elijah
Elika	Food
elim	elim
Elima	Five
Elimasi	Elimas
Elimeku	Elder
Elimelek	Elimelech
Elimelekut	Elimelech
Elimi	My hand
Elimino	Elimination
eliminohen	eliminated
eliminoi	eliminate
eliminoj	eliminate
eliminon	eliminates
eliminova	eliminova
eliminuan	eliminated
eliminuar	eliminated
Elimit	Elim
Elin	Elin
Elinë	Elijah
Elinetë	Elinet
Elinëtë	The Ellinites
Elinëvet	The Greeks
Elinidhë	Elinidh
Elinika	Which gives
Elinit	Elins
Elioenai	Elioenai
Elioenait	Elioenait
Elioneai	Elioneai
Elisabeta	ELISABETH
Elisabetë	Elizabeth
Elisabetënë	Elizabeth
Elisabetës	Elizabeth
Elisaniu	Elisani
Elisau	Elisau
Elisavesë	Elisabetta
Elisavet	Elizabeth
Elisavetja	Elizabeth
Elisavetsë	Elizabeth
Elise	Elise
Eliseu	Elisha
Eliseun	Eliseun
Eliseut	Eliseut
Elishahut	Elishah
Elishama	Elishama
Elishamas	Elishamas
Elishami	Elishami
Elishamit	Elishamit
Elishebanë	Elizabeth
Elishebën	Elisheba
Elishibit	Elizabeth
Elishua	Elisha
Elisseut	Elisseut
Elit	Elite
Elitsafan	Elitsafan
Elitsafani	Elitsafani
Elitsafanit	Elizaphanite
Elitsur	Elitsur
Elitsuri	Elitsuri
Elitsurit	Elissous
Eliu	Eliu
Eliudhi	Eliudhi
Eliudhnë	Eliudhna
Eliudi	Eliud
Eliudit	Eliudit
Eliut	Eliut
Elizabeta	Elizabeth
Elizabetë	Elizabeth
Elizabetën	Elizabeth
Elizabetës	Elizabeth
Eljehoenai	Eljehoen
Elkahu	Coffee
Elkanah	Elkanah
Elkanahu	Elkanah
Elkanahun	Elkanahun
Elkanahut	Elkanah
Elkoshi	Elkoshi
ell	he
Elladhë	Greek
Ellahu	Ellahu
Ellami	Ellami
Ellamit	Ellamit
Ellamitë	Elamites
Ellasarit	Released
Ellathi	Ellathi
ellem	else
ellohe	ellohe
elloi	elloi
Ellon	Ellon
Elloni	Elloni
Elmadamit	Elmadamid
Elmodamit	Elmodamit
Elmodhamit	Elmodhamit
Elnaamit	Elnaamit
Elnathani	Elnathan
Elnathanin	Elnathanin
Elnathanit	Elnathanit
Elohej	elohe
Eloi	Eloi
Elon	Elon
Eloni	Eloni
Elonin	Elon's
Elonit	Elons
elonitëve	Elonites
Elpaali	Elpaal
Elpaalit	Elpaals
Elpeleti	Elpeleti
elpidhënë	elpidhë
elpta	breathed
Eltekehu	Eltekeh
Eltekehun	Eltekehun
Eltekoni	Eltekon
Eltoladi	Eltolad
Eltoladin	Eltoladin
Eltsafani	Elzafani
Eltsafanin	Elzafanin
Elul	In life
Eluzai	Eluzai
Elyma	Elyma
Elzabadi	Elzabadi
Elzafani	Elzaphan
em	in
ëm	around
ëma	WMA
Eman	Give
Emanuel	Emanuel
Emanuil	Emmanuel
Emaus	Emmaus
ëmbël	SWEET
ëmbëla	Conditorial
ëmbëlë	sweet
ëmbëlënë	sweet
ëmbëlët	sweets
ëmbëlsi	sweetness
ëmbëlsia	sweetness
ëmbëlsinë	sweetness
ëmbëlsira	confectionery
ëmbëlsirë	dessert
ëmbëlsuanë	they were sweet
ëmbla	Pleasant
ëmblë	sweet
emblemat	emblem
emblemën	emblem
ëmblëtë	sweet
ëmblëth	sweet
ëmblio	I am afraid.
eme	do
emë	eh
ëme	ëme
ëmë	EME
emeja	mothers
Emek	Work
Emekut	Emekut
emën	Emma
ëmën	mother
emëna	emena
emënat	names
emënatë	last name
emenë	mother
emënë	name
ëmënë	to remember
emënënë	name
emëni	name
Ëmëni	Environment
emënin	name
emëninë	the name
emënit	name
emënohetë	appointed
emër	NAME
ëmër	name
emëra	name
emërash	name
emërat	the names
emëravet	nouns
emërë	name
ëmëre	mother
ëmërë	name
ëmëret	names
ëmëretë	names
emëri	NAME
ëmëri	name
emërin	Emery
ëmërin	name
emërinë	name alone
ëmërinë	motherhood
emërit	Emery
ëmërit	names
emëritë	names
ëmëritë	names
emëroi	NOMINATED
emëroj	appoint
emërojë	appoint
Emëroni	appoint
emërtohen	named
emëruar	appointed
ëmës	mother
emesë	mother
ëmësë	mother
emi	I
emimë	Emim
emimët	Emins
Emimëtë	Emims
eminë	Emin
eminënë	my name
emisarë	spies
ëmm	around
ëmma	mother
Emmanuel	Emmanuel
Emmanuil	Emmanuil
Emmaus	Emmaus
ëmmësë	mother's
Emmevet	Emmett
Emmorit	He dies.
ëmna	mother
emnatë	name
emninë	noun
Emorit	Emory
emra	NAMES
emrat	names
emrave	NAMES
emri	Name
emrin	the name
emrinë	name
emrit	NAME
En	In
ena	this
Enaim	Enaim
Enaimit	Enamity
Enami	To love
Enan	Enan
Enani	In price
Enanit	Dwarf
enç	young
ënda	Enda
endacak	stroller
endacake	Traveler
endacakë	stray
ende	end
ënde	bottom
ëndë	disch
endej	wandering
endem	endem
endemi	err
enden	the end
endën	wandered
ëndëra	The Dream
ëndërë	dream
ëndërr	dream
ëndërra	dream
ëndërrat	dreams
ëndërratë	dreamer
ëndërravet	dreams
ëndërrë	dream
ëndërrën	dream
ëndërrës	dream
ëndërrësë	dreamer
ëndërrët	dreams
ëndërrimtar	daydreamer
ëndërrimtari	dreamer
ëndërron	DREAMING
ëndërronenë	dreamer
ëndërrues	dreamer
ëndërruesi	dreamer
endës	weaver
endesh	wandering
endësh	weave
endesha	drive
endeshim	gone astray
endeshin	wandered
endësi	weaver
endësit	weavers
endet	ends
endin	end
endje	weave
ëndje	delight
endjen	misery
ëndjen	delight
endjes	weaving
ëndjet	delights
ëndjeve	desires to themselves they
endni	endni
endnin	end
Endor	Endor
ëndrra	dream
ëndrrat	dreams
ëndrrave	dreams
ëndrre	dream
ëndrrën	dream
ëndrrës	dream
endunë	wander
endur	carry
endura	woven
endurë	endure
ene	one
enë	DISHES
ënë	container
Enea	Aeneas
Eneas	Aeneas
enën	BASIN
enënë	container
enënta	container
enëra	dishes
energji	power
enës	BASIN
enësh	dish
enët	VESSELS
enëtë	dishes
enëve	Enev
enëvet	dishes
Engedi	Let's go
Engeglaim	Engeglaim
ëngjëi	angel
Ëngjëij	Angel
ëngjëitë	angels
engjëj	angels
ëngjëj	angels
ëngjëjet	angels
ëngjëjit	angels
ëngjëjitë	angels
engjëjsh	angels
ëngjëjsh	angels'
engjëjt	angels
Ëngjejt	Angels
ëngjëjt	angels
ëngjejtë	angels
ëngjëjtë	angels
engjëjve	angels
engjëll	angel
ëngjëll	angel
Ëngjëllet	Angels
engjëlli	ANGEL
ëngjëlli	angel
engjëllin	angel
ëngjëllin	angel
ëngjëllinë	angel
engjëllit	angel
Ëngjellit	Angel
ëngjëllit	angel
ëngjëllt	angel
engjenivet	the_english_voice
engjuj	angels
engjujsh	angels
engjujt	angels
engjujtë	angels
engjujvet	angels
engjull	angel
engjullë	angel
engjulli	angel
engjullin	angel
engjullinë	angel
engjullit	angel
engjush	angel
engrati	ungrateful
engratinë	ingratiate
eni	one
enigmat	enigma
enigmë	enigma
enigmën	eNIGMA
ënjtej	swell
ënjtën	Thursday
ënjtja	swelling
ënjtje	swelling
ënjtjet	swellings
ënjtur	Swelling
enkas	specially
Enoh	Enoch
Enohu	Enoch
Enohunë	Enoch
Enohut	Enoch
Enok	Enok
Enoku	Enoch
Enokun	It can
Enokut	That's right.
Enon	Uncle
Enonidhe	Enonidhe
Enos	Enos
Enosh	Enosh
Enoshi	Enosh
Enoshit	Enoshit
Enosi	Enosi
Enosit	He/She/It is known
Enout	Enout
ent	ent
ënt	graft
entnjënë	once
ep	ep
Epafrai	Epaphras
Epafrait	Epafrait
Epafrau	Epaphras
Epafrodhitit	To Epaphroditus
Epafrodhitoi	Epaphroditus
Epafrodhitonë	Epaphroditus
Epafroditi	Epaphroditus
Epafroditin	Epaphroditus
Epafroditinë	Epaphroditus
Epafroditit	To Epaphroditus
Epainetit	Epaenet
eparhi	diocese
epë	EPE
epei	like
epej	epej
epen	the epic
Epenetin	Epenetin
Epenetit	Epenetes
Epenetonë	Epenetone
epërm	Upper
epërme	upper
epërsi	excellency
epërsia	SUPREMACY
epërsinë	lead
epërsisë	lead
epet	awarded
epetë	sword
epi	and
epidemi	epidemic
epikurianë	Epicurean
Epikurianëvet	Epicureans
Epikurit	Epicurean
epileptik	epileptic
epileptikë	epileptics
Epimenidit	Epimenidite
epin	apple
epinë	epine
epini	epine
episkop	bishop
episkopë	bishops
episkopët	bishops
episkopi	bishop
episkopin	bishop
Episkopinë	Episcopacy
epjani	epyan
epma	epma
epmë	epmë
epmëni	epmeni
epna	epna
Epnani	Where?
epnë	epne
epni	ep
epnia	epnia
epnie	epnie
epniu	epniu
Epofroditit	Epaphroditus
epokat	ages
epokave	ages
epoke	epoch
epokë	ERA
epokës	Age
epror	SUPERIOR
eprorët	superiors
eprorëve	superiors
eprori	SUPERIOR
eprorin	supervisor
eprorit	supervisor
epshe	lust
epshet	lusts
epsheve	desires
epshi	lust
epshim	lust
epshin	lust
epshit	lust
epshndjellëse	voluptuous
epte	epte
eptej	eptej
epu	epu
epua	take away
epuni	epun
epurë	fresh
er	is
era	era
erash	erash
Erasti	Erasti
Erastin	Erastin
Erastinë	Erastine
Erastoi	Erasto
Erastonë	Erasto
erat	was
eratorenë	the air conditioner
erçinë	the wind
erdh	I came
erdha	I came
erdhe	you came
erdhë	came
erdhëm	came
erdhën	CAME
erdhët	I came
erdhi	DID
erdhm	erdhm
erdhnë	they come
erdhtë	come
ere	also
erë	smell
erëcua	recovery
erëët	winds
Erehu	Erehu
erëkëndshëm	balmy
Ereku	Ereku
erëmi	smell
erëmira	PERFUMED
erëmirë	odorous
erën	wind
erëna	Eren
erënash	of wind
erënat	Eren
erënavet	winds
erënë	Eren
erëra	winds
erërash	winds
erërat	WINDS
erëratë	windy
erërave	Odor
erëravet	the winds
eres	are
erës	WIND
erese	erese
eresë	wind
erësë	wind
eresi	sing
erësi	smell
eresia	heresy
erësir	smelly
erësira	the dark
erësirë	the dark
erësirënë	darkness
erësirësë	darkness
eresisë	heat
eresit	eresite
eresitë	heresies
eret	vein
erët	darker
erëtë	winds
eretiko	heretic
erëza	SPICES
erëzave	spice
ergatë	laborer
ergatet	ergate
ergati	work
ergërsirave	sorrows
ergjënd	new
ërgjënd	miracle
ergjënda	news
ërgjëndatë	oddly
ergjëndëruara	mischievous
ergjëndi	news
ergjëndin	the situation
ërgjëndit	the situation
ergjëndn	new
ergjëndnë	come and go
ergjënt	young man
ergjënta	young people
Eri	Different
erimi	erim
erimí	erimi
erimira	elmira
erimisë	the weather
erimivet	Erimivet
Erinë	Erin
Erit	It will be
eritëve	Erites
Ermanë	Ermane
Ermës	Hermes
Ermi	Ermi
Erminë	Ermine
Ermit	Ermit
Ermogjeni	Ermogen
erodhiosi	erosion
err	err
errëcira	darkness
errëcirë	dark
errëcirën	the darkness
errëcirënë	dark-skinned
errëcirësë	night-watchers
errëcirët	the dark ones
errëcua	darkness
erren	burn
errën	blinded
errësin	the darkness
errësina	the darkness
erresinë	the darkness
errësine	darkness
errësinë	the darkness
errësinënë	in the darkness
errësinës	darkness
errësinësë	darkness
errësinet	darkness
errësinët	darkness
errësira	darkness
errësirat	darkness
errësire	darkness
errësirë	opacity
errësirën	darkness
errësirënë	the darkness
errësirës	DARKNESS
errësirësë	darkness
errësirët	the darkness
errësofshin	darkened
errësofshinë	darkness
errësoftë	let it get dark
errësohej	dark
errësohen	overshadowed
errësohet	darkens
errësoj	darken
errëson	darkens
errësua	dark
errësuan	occluded
errësuar	dark
errësue	darken
errësuem	darkened
erret	burn
errët	dark
errëta	DARK
erretë	darkness
errëtë	dark
errnë	in the dark
errshin	errshin
errunë	dark
errur	stain
errurë	dark
erth	urn
erthmë	tomorrow
erthnë	come here
erthtë	quickly
erturë	winter
erupsion	eruption
Es	Is
Esar	Esar
Esarhadoni	Esarhadoni
Esau	Esau
Esaun	Esau
Esaut	Esau
Esek	I fall.
esëll	on an empty stomach
esëlla	chair
esëllë	chair
Esëlloni	Essillon
esëlltë	sober
esëllua	sober
esëlluarë	sober
Eshaoli	Eshaoli
Eshbaali	Eshbaali
Eshbani	Eshban
ëshë	Eshe
Esheani	Shean
Eshekut	Eshekut
ëshët	Eshe
eshi	ash
eshkë	punk
Eshkol	Eshkol
Eshkolit	Esh'col
Eshkollit	Eshkol
ësht	it's
Eshtaol	Eshtaol
Eshtaoli	Eshtaoli
Eshtaolin	Eshtaolin
Eshtaolit	Eshtaolit
eshtaolitët	Eshtaolites
Eshtemoa	Eshtemoa
Eshtemoan	Eshtemoan
Eshtemoas	Eshtemoas
eshtëna	bullets
eshtënat	the shots
eshtënate	night owl
Eshtënatë	Night
eshtënavet	the stars
eshtënë	it is
Eshteoma	Eshteoma
eshtër	bone
eshtëra	bone
eshtërat	the bones
ështërat	the animals
eshtëratë	bones
eshtëravet	bones
Eshtoali	Eshtoali
Eshtonit	Ashtonite
eshtra	bones
eshtrat	bones
eshtratë	bones
eshtrave	BONES
Eslit	Eslit
Esliut	Esliut
Esromi	Esrom
Esromit	Esrom
Esromnë	Esromne
Ester	Ester
Esteri	Foreign
Esterin	Esther
Esterit	It is a desert.
Esthemothi	Eshtemot
esullë	breakfast
esullta	rejoices
esulltë	suzette
et	And
ët	it
Etami	Etami
Etamin	Etamine
Etamit	Ethamite
Etan	Ethan
etapa	stage
etapat	STAGES
etapë	benchmark
etëhe	fever
etëja	thirst
etëje	thirsty
etëjen	thirsty
etëjesë	thirst
etëjet	thirst
etër	father
etërit	FATHERS
etërve	fathers
eth	eth
Etham	Etham
Ethami	Ethami
Ethamit	Ethamite
Ethan	Ethan
Ethani	Ethan
ethanimit	ethanamit
Ethanin	Ethanin
Ethanit	Ethanit
Ethbaalit	Ethbaals
ethe	that
ethea	ethea
ethellothrisqi	ethellothrisqi
ethenë	fever
Etheri	Ether
Etherin	Ether
ethesh	ether
ethet	FEVER
ethetë	fever
Ethiopës	Ethiopia
Ethiopësavet	Ethiopians
Ethiopëtë	Ethiopians
Ethiopëvet	Ethiopians
Ethiopia	Ethiopia
Ethiopinë	Ethiopia
Ethiopisë	Ethiopia
Ethnani	Ethnani
Ethniko	Ethnic
Ethnikoi	Ethnic
Ethnikotë	Ethnic
Ethnikovet	Ethnikovet
Ethnit	Ethnit
Ethsani	Thank you.
ethshme	feverish
eti	ear
etia	youth
etiopas	Ethiopian
etiopase	ethiopian
etiopasi	Ethiopia
Etiopasin	Ethiopian
etiopasit	Ethiopians
etiopasve	Ethiopians
Etiopi	Ethiopians
Etiopia	Ethiopia
Etiopinë	Ethiopia
Etiopisë	Ethiopian
etj	ETC.
etja	to fight
etje	THIRST
etjeje	little thing
etjen	thirst
etnë	Etna
Etsboni	Etsbony
Etsem	If I do
Etsemi	Etsemi
Etsemin	Etsem's
Etseniti	Etsenite
Etser	Etcher
Etseri	Disgust
Etserit	Etserit
Etsion	Ethion
etur	eager
eturë	thirsty
eturit	it is hot
Eubuli	Eubuli
Eufrat	Euphrates
Eufrati	Euphrates
Eufratiishte	Euphrates
Eufratin	Eufratin
Eufratit	Euphrates
Eunika	Eunika
Eunike	Eunice
eunuk	eunuch
eunukë	eunuchs
eunukët	eunuchs
eunukëve	eunuchs
eunuku	eunuch
eunukun	thorn
Eunukunë	Eunuch
eunukut	eunuchs
Euodisë	Euodia
Eurakilon	Eurakilon
Euroklidon	Euroclideon
Euroklydon	Euroclydon
Eutik	boutique
Eutyh	Eutyh
Eva	Eva
evangjelisi	evangelist
Evangjelisti	Evangelist
Evë	Eve
Evën	Eve
Evënë	Event
Everi	Ever
Everit	It turned out
evet	Yes
Eveu	Eveu
Evi	Home
Evil	Evil
Evilmerodaku	My Evil Wheel
Evin	Of the house
evitoje	avoid
evitojë	To avoid
evitojnë	depart
evituar	avoided
evllavi	evllavi
Evnikënë	Evnika
Evodhisë	Evodia
Evodisë	Euodias
Evraeshatë	Jewish
evre	stage
Evrejsh	Evrejsh
Evrejtë	Jews
Evreu	Jew
Evreut	Evreut
Evrevet	Evrevet
evroklidhon	euroclidhon
evsevi	home-loving
evsevia	evsevia
evsevisë	Evseviya
Ezbait	Ezbait
Ezdra	Ezra
Ezdras	Ezdras
Ezekia	Hezekiah
Ezekian	In Hezekiah
Ezekias	Hezekiah
Ezekiel	Ezekiel
Ezekieli	Ezekiel
Ezekisë	Hezekiah
Ezelit	This is
Ezeqi	Over
Ezeqia	Hezekiah
Ezeqianë	Hezekiah
Ezeqisë	Hezekiah
Ezeqiut	Hezekiah
Ezer	Thousand
Ezeri	Lakes
Ezerit	Ezerite
Ezeriu	Lake
Ezetri	Ezetri
Ezion	Ezion
Ezk	Left
Ezr	Ezra
ezrahiti	Ezrahite
ezrahitit	Ezrahite
Ezrahut	Ezrahut
Ezri	Ezri
Ezvoni	Ezvon
f	f
fabrikuar	fabricated
fagusa	slang
fai	do
faijinë	the fayya
faikuara	work
faj	money
fajde	usury
fajdexhi	moneylender
fajdexhiu	creditor
faje	trespasses
fajëra	guilt
fajesh	fajesh
fajësh	guilty
fajësim	rap
fajëso	blame
fajësohet	blamed
fajëson	blames
fajet	iniquities
fajetë	Fayette
fajëtore	guilty
fajëtorë	guilty
fajëtorëtë	the culprits
fajëtorëvet	the culprits
fajëtori	the culprit
fajëtorit	the culprit
fajëtuar	blamed
fajëtuarë	guilty
fajeve	iniquities
fajevet	the faults
fajëvet	the faults
faji	racial
fajin	TORT
fajinë	guilt
fajit	guilt
fajkoi	Falcon
fajkuan	falcon
fajm	fag
fajminë	hunger
fajmit	the enemy
fajn	Okay
fajnë	blame
fajshëm	guilty
fajshlyes	fajshlyes
fajt	race
fajtor	guilty
fajtore	guilty
fajtorë	guilty
fajtorësh	guilty
fajtorët	culprits
fajtorëtë	the guilty
fajtorëve	the guilty
fajtorëvet	the guilty
fajtori	culprit
fajtorin	guilty
fajtorinë	guilt
fajtorit	guilty
fajtuar	guilty
fajtuer	guilty
fajtur	guilty
fakt	fact
fakte	in fact
faktet	FACTS
fakti	FACT
faktin	FACT
fal	fal
fala	he speaks
falas	you speak
falat	snack
falatë	prayers
falavet	the falavet
falç	sickle
falça	failure
falçinë	sickle
fale	house
falë	THANKS
faleç	fortune teller
Falegu	Falegu
falei	I spoke
falej	pardoned
falejn	forgive
falejnë	forgive
Falek	Falek
Falekut	Falek
falem	speak
falëm	pardoned
falëmes	forgiving
falemi	Hail
falemnderit	thank you
falen	fall
falën	owing to
falënderim	ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
falënderime	ACKNOWLEDGMENT
falënderimesh	thanksgiving
falënderimi	Praise
falënderimin	thanks
falënderimit	peace
falënderoi	thanks
falënderoj	thank
falënderojë	thank
falënderojeni	thank
falënderojmë	THANK
falënderojnë	thanks
falënderon	thanks
falënderoni	thanks
falënderonin	thank
falënderonte	thank
falënderosh	thanks
falënderua	thanks
falënderuan	thanks
falënderuar	thanks
falënderuari	Praised
falenë	sorry
faleni	forgive
falës	FORGIVING
falesh	pray
falësh	forgive
faleshë	prayer
faleshim	forgiven
faleshin	pray
falet	PRAY
falët	forgave
faletë	prayer
falëtë	thank you
falevet	tree planting
fali	wave
falia	fault
falim	FORGIVING
falimë	forgiveness
falin	hidden
falinë	forgiveness
falish	falish
falishë	fake
falishnë	fallen
falit	bankrupt
faliu	turn
falja	FORGIVENESS
falje	PARDON
faljen	PARDON
faljes	FORGIVENESS
falka	verb
falkoj	falcons
fallake	fallacy
falli	fall
falltarin	diviner
Fallu	Fallu
falma	argues
falmani	falmani
falna	forgive
falnë	sorry
falni	Excuse
falsha	fake
falshi	fake
falsifikojmë	peddling
falsifikuar	COUNTERFEIT
falsitet	falsehood
falsiteti	fallacy
falsitetin	falsehood
falsitetit	falsehood
falte	lack
faltore	sanctuary
faltorë	sanctuary
faltoret	shrines
faltorët	soothsayers
faltorëtë	pilgrims
faltorëvet	shrines
faltori	shrine
faltorin	the shrine
faltorinë	the shrine
faltorit	shrine
faltuar	forgiven
faltura	lack
falturatë	excuse me
falturë	prayer
falturit	the pilgrims
falturitë	shrines
falu	village
falua	false
falun	falun
faluna	village
falunat	village
falunatë	faluna
falunavet	village name
falunë	Falun
faluni	pray
falunit	Falun
falunitë	Falun Gong
falur	forgiven
falura	village
faluratë	forgiveness
faluravet	prayers
falurë	forgiveness
falurit	Praying
faluritë	prayers
fama	struggle
famë	fame
famëkeq	notorious
famën	fame
familja	family
familjare	family
familjarë	HOUSEHOLD
familje	family
familjeje	family
familjen	family
familjes	HOUSEHOLD
familjesh	Family
familjet	families
familjeve	family
famshëm	Celebrity
famshmi	famous
famullisë	parish
fanarë	beacons
fandaksurë	fantasist
fanitura	fabrication
faniturë	fan
faniturit	fans
fantasi	fantasy
fantasí	fantasy
fantazmë	ghost
Fanuelit	Fanuels
Fanuellit	Fanuels
Fanuilit	Fanuilit
faqe	YOUR
faqea	faqea
faqebardhë	without blemish
faqeja	scolding
faqëja	page
faqen	page
faqene	my friend
faqenë	the page
faqenxirë	shamefaced
faqera	poverty
faqes	page
faqesë	page
faqesh	Complexion
faqet	Related
faqetë	pages
faqevet	pages
faqeza	fake
faqezi	scoundrel
faqezinj	wicked men
faqia	faqia
faqja	Home
far	far
fara	go
Faranit	Faranit
Faraoi	Pharaoh
Faraoit	Pharaoh
Faraon	Pharaoh
Faraonë	Pharaohs
faraoni	pharaohs
faraonin	Pharaoh
faraonit	Pharaoh
farash	seed
farat	SEEDS
faratë	seeds
faravet	beans
fare	Do
farë	SEED
farefis	RELATIVES
farefisi	RELATIVE
farefisin	relatives
farefisit	Kinsman
farefisnia	kinship
farëgjë	seed
farën	seed
farënë	the seed
farëra	seeds
farërash	seed
farërat	seeds
farërave	seeds
Fares	Fares
farës	SEED
farese	farese
farësë	seed
fareseje	dangerous
Faresi	The mouse
Faresit	Phares
Faresnë	In the Fares
faret	danger
farët	seed
farëtë	seeds
Farezi	Pharisees
Farezit	The Pharisees
Fargalinë	Fargalina
farise	farise
Farisei	Pharisees
Fariseish	Fariseish
Fariseit	Fariseite
Fariseitë	Pharisees
farisej	farisej
farisejet	Pharisees
farisejtë	Pharisees
Farisejvet	Pharisees
farisenj	Pharisees
farisenjsh	Pharisees
farisenjtë	Pharisees
farisenjve	Pharisees
Fariseo	Pharisees
Farisetë	Pharisees
fariseu	Pharisee
fariseua	Pharisee
fariseut	Pharisee
Farisevet	The Pharisee
fark	difference
farkëtarët	blacksmiths
Farkëtari	Blacksmith
farkëtojnë	beat
Farkëtoni	Beat
farmaqiavet	pharmacies
Farpari	Farpari
farrat	full
farratë	seed
fasada	facade
fasadën	facade
fasadës	facade
fashit	placate
fashite	fascism
fashiten	fade away
fashitet	wanes
fashiti	fierceness
fashitu	Calm down
fashon	fashion
fashqe	bandage
fashqosurë	bandaged
fashuar	bandaged
fat	fat
fatet	the barrel
fati	party
fatin	CHANCE
fatinë	fate
fatit	CHANCE
fatkeq	wretched
fatkeqe	unfortunate
fatkeqësi	CALAMITY
fatkeqësia	Distress
fatkeqësie	disaster
fatkeqësinë	calamity
fatkeqësisë	EMERGENCY
fatkeqësish	disaster
fatkeqësitë	disasters
fatkeqësive	ACCIDENTS
fatkeqët	hearted
fatkeqëve	wretched
fatkeqi	the poor
fatkeqin	helpless
fatkeqit	distressed
fatlume	fortunate
fatzinjtë	miserable
Favahu	Favahu
favor	favor
favore	favor
favoret	FAVOR
favori	favorite
favorin	favor
favorizo	I favor
favorizojë	favor
favorizosh	favor
favorizuar	FAVORED
favorshëm	FAVORABLE
favorshme	FAVORABLE
fazën	phase
Fe	Fe
Febën	Feb
feçkën	snout
fëdigë	ready
fëdigënë	dam
feja	religion
fëje	to cry
fëjefshim	let's sleep
fëjeftë	sleep
fëjeimë	let's sleep
fëjeishinë	homelessness
fëjej	sleep
fëjejë	sleep
fëjejëmë	let's sleep
fëjejënë	in bed
fëjejmë	let's sleep
fëjen	sleep
fëjeni	sleep
fëjeninë	guilt
fëjenj	sleep
fejesës	engagement
fejet	head
fëjeu	slept
fëjeva	fairy
fejevet	headbutt
fëjienë	bed
fëjierë	bed
fejohesh	betroth
fejova	fake
fejuar	engaged
fejuarën	fiancée
fejuarës	fiancee
fejuari	fiance
fejuaritkonsideroheshin	the fiancés were considered
fejue	fejue
fejuem	I will
fëjyem	fëjyem
fëjyen	to add
fëjyenë	nest
fejzat	head
feks	for example
feksi	fexi
feksjë	something
fekste	fix
feksuratë	phlegm
feksurë	dirty
felak	disaster
fëlejënë	the nest
fëlen	fill
fëleni	sleep
fëlenj	child
fëlenjç	félénjç
fëlenjë	nest
fëlente	felente
fëleu	felucca
fëleva	I nested.
Felik	Felix
Feliks	Felix
Feliksi	Felix
Feliksiishte	Felix
Feliksit	Felixit
Feliku	Felicus
Felikut	Felik
fëlligësht	weak
fëlligështi	weakness
fëlligështia	filth
fëlligështinë	weakness
fëlligështitë	weaknesses
fëlligështive	filth
fëlliq	soil
fëlliqësi	filth
fëlliqësia	filthiness
fëlliqësinë	uncleanness
fëlliqësirat	dung
fëlliqësisë	uncleanness
fëlliqësitë	filth
fëlliqësive	filth
fëlliqet	defiled
fëlliqur	dirty
fëlliqura	filthy
fëlliqurë	dirt
Fellonë	Fellonë
fëlyem	phelyem
fëlyen	to fly
fëlyerë	nest
fëlyetë	leaves
femënë	the girl
femër	WOMAN
femëra	female
femërë	women
fëmërë	child
femërën	the female
fëmij	's child
fëmija	baby
fëmije	CHILD
fëmijë	child
fëmijën	CHILD
fëmijënë	the child
fëmijëri	childhood
fëmijëria	childhood
fëmijërie	childhood
fëmijërinë	childhood
fëmijërore	childhood
fëmijës	Children
fëmijësh	child
fëmijët	children
fëmijëtë	the children
fëmijëve	chilDReN
fëmijëvet	children found
fëmijsh	children's
fëmijt	child
fëmijvet	children
fëmilët	children
fëminore	xxvii CHILDHOOD
femra	female
femrat	women
femrën	woman
fëmuaritë	childhood
fëndyell	fandyell
fenë	RELIGION
fenerë	lantern
fënerë	dryer
Fenikasit	The Phoenicians
Fenike	Phoenician
Fenikë	Phoenicia
Feniki	Phoenician
Fenikisë	Phenicia
fëqij	neighbors
fëqijtë	neighbors
fëqinë	neighbor
fëqinja	neighbor
fëqinjësë	neighbor
fëqinjët	neighbors
fëqinjt	neighbors
fëqinjtë	neighbors
fëqinjvet	neighbors
fëqiri	poverty
Ferezetët	The Ferezets
Ferezitëtë	The Perizzites
fërfërima	The sound
Fërgëlloni	Whistle
fërkati	the frigate
fërkohet	scoured
fërkoijnë	rub
fërkuan	caressing
ferr	ferry
ferra	pour
ferrash	surprise
ferrat	ferrat
ferrave	thorns
ferrë	blackberry
ferrës	thorny
ferrësë	bramble
ferrët	hell
ferri	ferri
ferrishta	ferrishta
ferrishtash	ferrishtash
ferrishtat	nettles
ferrishte	ferrishte
ferrishteje	bush
ferrishtes	ferrishtes
ferrishtet	thorns
ferrishteve	bushes
ferrishtja	bush
ferrit	hell
fërshëllejë	hiss
fërshëllejnë	hiss
fërshëllen	to hide
fërtomë	I am tired.
fërtomën	the fruit
fërtymë	friction
fërtymësë	friction
fesë	religion
feshim	feshim
fështira	village
fështirë	difficult
Fest	Fest
festa	party
festash	feasts
festat	HOLIDAYS
festave	DAYS
feste	parties
festë	PARTY
festën	the holiday
festënë	the party
festës	CELEBRATION
festësë	the party
festët	holiday
Festi	Holidays
Festiishte	Festivities
Festin	Feast
Festinë	Festina
Festit	Celebrated
Festiu	Festive
festiv	festive
festohej	celebrated
festojënë	celebrate
festojmë	celebrate
festojnë	celebrate
feston	cELEBRATES
festonin	celebrated
festuar	cELEBRATE
festuem	festival
fetar	RELIGIOUS
fetare	fatter
fetarë	religious
fetari	religiosity
fëtimit	holiday
ffym	ffym
fial	generous
fiala	wallflower
fiale	vials
fialë	Fiala
fialën	the vial
fialënë	vial
fialës	vial
fialësë	vial
fialët	vials
fialëtë	vials
fialëve	vials
fialëvet	vials
Figeli	Figeli
Figjelloi	Figjelloi
figura	figure
figurash	image
figurat	figures
figurave	image
figure	figure
figurë	PICTURE
figureja	figure
figuren	figures
figurën	figure
figurës	IMAGE
figuresë	figure
figuret	the figure
figurevet	figure weaving
figuron	figure
figuronin	they appeared
Fiholli	I have
Fihollinë	Fihollina
fije	THREAD
fijen	fix
fijet	fibers
fijsh	thread
fik	got
fiken	fig
fikën	quenched
fiket	the cafe
fiketë	blackout
fiknë	turn off
fiksohet	gets stuck
fiksoi	fixed
fiksoja	fixed
fiksoji	tie
fiksojnë	fix
fiksonte	prepared the
fiksosh	put the
fiksuan	chains
fiksuar	obsessed
fiku	fig
fikun	add
fikut	fig
Filadelfi	Philadelphia
Filadelfisë	Philadelphia
filan	enough
filani	So and so
filanit	So and so
filateritë	phylacteries
fildish	ivory
fildishi	ivory
fildishta	Ivory
fildishtë	Ivory
Filemonë	Philemon
Filemonit	Philemon
Fileti	Fillets
fili	field
filí	poets
filia	daughter
filiet	threads
Filik	Philic
Filikai	Filikai
Filiksi	Felix
Filiksit	Filiksit
Filiku	Filiku
Filimonë	Philemon
filin	field
filinë	the family
Filip	Philip
Filipi	Philippians
Filipia	Philippi
filipianë	Philippians
filipianët	Philippians
Filipin	Philippines
Filipiqeverisi	Philippine government
Filipisë	Philippi
Filipit	Philip
Filipnë	Philippines
Filipoit	Filipoit
Filipp	Philip
Filippe	Philippe
Filippë	Philip
Filippesë	Philippians
Filippet	Philip
Filippët	Philippians
Filippëtë	Philippians
Filippi	Philippi
Filippianë	Philippians
Filippianët	Philippians
Filippin	Philippines
Filippinë	Philippines
Filippiot	Philippi
Filippit	Philippians
Filippo	Philip
Filippoi	Philip
Filippoit	Philippians
Filipponë	Filippo
Filiput	Filiput
filira	filter
filiravet	filiravet
filis	philis
filisë	family
Filistanëtë	The Philistines
filiste	Philistia
Filistea	Philistia
Filistejt	The Philistines
Filistejtë	Philistines
filistejve	philistine
Filistejvet	Philistine
filistenj	Philistinism
filistenjsh	philistinejsh
filistenjtë	PHILISTINES
filistenjve	philistine
filisteu	Philistine
filisteun	fili support
filisteut	Philistine
Filisti	Philistia
Filistia	Philistia
Filistinë	Philistines
Filistinën	Philistia
Filistinës	Palestina
filistinët	Philistines
Filistinëtë	The Philistines
Filistinëvet	The Philistines
Filistisë	Palestine
filit	son
filitë	the branches
Filitoi	Philitoi
filivet	filife
filiz	sprout
filiza	seedling
filizat	shoots
filizi	sprout
filizin	sprout
filizojë	sprout
fill	fill
Filladhellfi	Filladhellfi
Filladhellfisë	Philadelphia
fillakat	fillies
fillakosura	phyllacosura
fillë	yarn
fillestare	INITIAL
filli	in which
fillim	BEGINNING
fillimet	BEGINNING
fillimi	COMMENCEMENT
fillimin	BEGINNING
fillimit	BEGINNING
fillin	thread
Fillipi	Fillipi
fillluat	fill
fillo	son
filloftë	let it begin
filloi	began
Filloimë	We started.
filloj	begin
fillojë	START
fillojmë	GETTING STARTED
fillojnë	START
fillojsh	start
fillokseni	phylloxena
fillokseninë	phylloxena
Fillollogut	Full name
fillon	STARTS
filloni	Start
fillonin	Start
filloniqi	start
filloniqira	startrenting
filloniqis	start
filloniqitë	the philolycians
fillonte	begin
fillosh	Getting started
fillosofë	philosopher
fillosofisë	philosophy
fillova	I BEGAN
filluam	began
filluan	they started
filluar	STARTED
filluat	began
fillue	'd like to introduce
filluem	we started
filluemeja	I started.
filluemen	start
filluemesë	beginner
filluemit	let's start
filluenë	started
filluetë	thread
fillumë	start
fillumet	fillumet
fillumit	start
fillunë	they started
Filologun	The philologist
Filologut	Philologist
filosofë	philosophers
filosofisë	philosophy
filozofë	philosophers
filozofët	philosophers
filozofike	philosophical
filozofisë	philosophy
filxhanët	bowls
Fineasi	Phinehas
Fineasin	Phineas
Fineesi	Finnish
Finehas	Phinehas
Finehasi	Phinehas
Finehasin	Phinehas
Finehasinë	Phinehas
Finehasit	Finehasit
Finehesi	Phinehas
finik	date
finike	Phoenicia
Finiq	Phoenix
finiqe	dates
fiq	fiqh
fiqet	turns off
fiqir	fiqir
fiqirë	friend
fiqiret	friends
fiqiri	fig tree
fiqsh	fiqh
fiqt	fiqt
fiqtë	figs
fiqve	figs
fiqvet	figs
firma	business
firmos	firms
fis	in
fise	Plugs
fiset	tribes
fiseve	tribes
fishk	wither
fishkëllej	whistle
fishkëllejë	whistle
fishkëllejnë	hiss
fishkemi	fishkemi
fishken	fishken
fishket	fishket
fishkur	fishkur
fishkura	fishkura
fisi	The tribe
fisin	tribe
fisinë	tribe
fisit	TRIBAL
fism	fisc
fisme	FISMA
fismi	fism
fismitë	tribes
fisnat	farted
fisnavet	fishnave
fisnik	GENTLE
fisnike	Noble
fisnikë	noblemen
fisnikëria	nobility
fisnikët	nobles
fisnikëve	nobles
Fison	Fish
fisshim	fisshim
fist	fist
Fisto	Fist
Fistonë	Scallops
Fistosë	Scallops
Fistua	Fistula
fiteps	fiteps
fitepsa	fitepsa
fitepsi	fitespi
fitepsnë	profit
fitepsu	fitepsu
fitepsurë	fitness
fiti	BE
fitim	profit
fitime	profits
fitimesh	profit
fitimet	EARNINGS
fitimeve	profits
fitimi	EARNINGS
fitimin	profit
fitimit	profit
fitimtar	victorious
fitimtare	victor
fitimtarë	victorious
fito	issue
fitoftë	may he win
fitohen	won
fitohenë	are won
fitohet	obtained
fitohetë	it is won
fitoi	won
fitoj	make
fitoja	win
fitojë	win
fitojëmë	win me
fitojënë	the victory
fitojmë	win
fitojnë	win
fitojsh	win
fiton	wins
fitoni	Acquire
fitonin	Acquire
fitonj	seven
fitonjç	seven
fitonjë	profit
fitonjënë	victory
fitonte	win
fitore	VICTORY
fitoreja	victory
fitoreje	victory
fitoren	CONQUEST
fitores	Victory
fitoret	VICTORIES
fitorja	victory
fitosh	Winning
fitova	I won
fitove	prevailed
fittoreja	pussy licking
fittorenë	victory
fittoresë	victorious
fitua	won
fituan	won
fituanë	they won
fituar	GAIN
fituarë	won
fituarët	winners
fituarit	acquisition
fituat	You won
fitue	won
fituem	we fit
fituenë	won
fitues	winner
fituesit	wINNERS
fituetë	win
fityra	fitry
fityrë	face
Fivënë	Thebes
Fivësë	Thebes
fizikisht	PHYSICAL
fjal	Kata
fjala	the word
fjalaman	fjallaman
fjalamani	fjalamani
Fjalatë	Word
fjale	word
fjalë	word
fjalëlig	verb
fjalëligj	legal word
fjalëligtë	foul language
fjalën	the word
fjalënë	the word
fjalëpakë	reticent
fjalëra	words
fjalës	WORD
fjalësë	the word
fjalësh	speech
fjalëshuma	verbiage
fjalëshumë	verbose
fjalet	the words
fjalët	the words
fjalëtë	The words
fjalëtuar	spoken
fjalëve	words
fjalëvet	words
fjalim	ADDRESS
fjalime	speech
fjalimet	speeches
Fjalimi	ADDRESS
fjalimin	ADDRESS
fjalori	dictionary
fjeta	I slept
fjete	fight
fjetën	fell asleep
fjeti	slept
fjetinë	dormitories
fjetjen	accommodation
fjetjes	Dormition
fjetnë	sleep
fjetunë	sleepy
fjetunit	sleep
fjetur	BEDTIME
fjeturë	sleeping
flaç	flash
flagrancë	flagrancy
flak	flak
flaka	flame
flakat	slop
flake	flake
flakë	FIRE
flaken	cast
flakën	fire
flakeni	Dispose
flakërohen	inflames
flakërojë	burn
flakëron	blazing
flakëronte	glowed
flakëruan	they burned
flakërues	flaming
flakëruese	flashing
flakës	thrower
flakësë	flame
flaket	the flatbed
flakët	flames
flakëta	flames
flakëtë	the flames
flakëtësë	flame
flakëve	flame
flakëzën	the flame
flakim	flakim
flakni	bottle
flakta	gripping
flaktë	incandescent
flaku	threw
flakur	Castaway
flakurë	flame
flamburë	flagpole
flamburënë	flagpole
flamuj	flags
flamujt	flags
flamujve	flags
flamur	flag
flamure	flags
flamurenë	pennant
flamurënë	the flag
flamurët	flags
flamurëve	flags
flamuri	flag
flamurin	flag
flamurit	FLAG
flas	SPEAK
flasç	flasç
flasë	speak
flasëmë	let's talk
flasën	voiceless
flasënë	they spoke
flasësh	SHARING
flashkët	floppy
flashkëta	flashlight
flasi	speak
flasim	SPEAKING
flasimë	let's talk
flasin	SPEAK
flasinë	speak
flasish	speak
flasjë	speak
flatëroi	fluttered
flatra	wings
flatrat	wings
flauteve	pipes
flauti	flutes
flautit	SOUNDS
Flavi	Yellow
fle	fle
flë	sleeps
fleç	flac
Flegondnë	Flegondne
Flegontin	Phlegontine
Flegontit	Phlegon
flegrat	nostrils
flegrave	nostrils
flejë	sleep
flejtinë	the bed
flejturitë	sleepwalking
flemë	sleep
flëmë	we slept
flen	flabby
flenë	Flen
flënë	slept
flenjë	sleep
flerë	SLEEP
flërëm	we slept
flesh	flesh
flësh	FLASH
flet	ABOUT
fleta	SHEET
fletat	sheets
fletatë	leaflet
fletavet	fletabed
fletë	CARD
fletët	PAPERS
fletëtë	the leaves
fletëvet	leaves
fletëzë	leaflet
fletëzët	leaflets
fleti	surface
fletnë	leaf
fletun	Fletun
fletunitë	leaflets
fleturë	leaflet
fleturit	cries
fli	fli
flia	family
flij	fly
flija	I slept.
fliji	fly
flijim	SACRIFICES
flijime	sacrifice
flijimesh	sacrifice
flijimet	offerings
flijimeve	offerings
flijimi	offering
flijimin	offering
flijimit	offering
flijnë	they sleep
flijni	flijni
flijohej	they killed
flijohen	sacrifice
flijohet	immolated
flijoi	offered
flijoj	immolate
flijojë	sacrifice
flijojnë	sacrifice
flijon	sacrifices
flijoni	kill
flijonin	killing
flijosh	flijosh
flijove	flies
flijshinë	sacrifice
flijte	fly
flijua	sacrificed
flijuan	sacrificed
flijuar	sacrifice
flijuara	immolated
flinë	sacrifice
flini	sleep
flinim	sleep
flinin	slept
flinit	sleep
flinte	sleep
fliri	the dream
flisë	offering
flishim	flishim
flisiem	fleece
flisimë	we talk
flisinë	the language
flisja	speaking
flisje	talk
flisnë	they speak
flisni	TALK
flisnim	DISCUSSION
flisnin	speaking
flisninë	them spoke
flisnit	speak
flisnjam	flashy
flisnje	to blink
fliste	speaking
flit	flit
flitë	offerings
flitei	flatbread
flitej	It was rumored
flitejnë	they talk
fliten	spoken
fliteshinë	chatterbox
flitet	Discussion
flitetë	chat
flitnë	speak
flitni	speak
flitshim	flitshim
flitshinë	fly
flive	flive
flladi	BREEZE
flladin	cool
flladit	refreshing
flloerë	floor
flloerea	flower
flloereçivet	floreceived
flloeresë	floor
fllojere	fly
flokë	fringe
flokëbardhë	white-haired
flokëgjatë	long-haired
flokësh	dryer
flokët	locks
flokëtë	hair
flokëthinjurin	stooped
flokëve	hair
flokëvet	hair
floku	Hair
flori	FLORA
floriri	gold
flota	fleet
flotë	fleet
flotën	fleet
flotës	fleet
fluks	flux
fluksi	FLOW
fluksin	flow
fluksit	FLOW
flutëronjënë	butterfly
fluturak	fleeting
fluturake	aircraft
fluturakë	fleeting
fluturakëvet	flyers
fluturim	FLY
fluturimin	the flight
fluturoi	flew
fluturoimë	we flew
fluturoishiem	we were flying
fluturoj	fly
fluturoja	fly
fluturojë	fly
fluturojinë	fly
fluturojmë	fly
fluturojnë	fly
fluturon	flies
fluturonin	fly
fluturonje	fly
fluturonjënë	butterfly
fluturonte	flying
fluturuarëtë	flying
fluturuem	we flew
fluturues	flying
fodull	supercilious
fodulle	haughty
fodullë	conceited
fodullëkun	haughtiness
fodullëtë	arrogant
fodullëve	the haughty
Foibënë	Phobia
Foibësë	Phobia
fol	fol
fola	blood
folça	sheet
folçinë	gossip
fole	bellows
folë	speak
folej	foil
foleja	nest
folëka	frog
folëm	we talked
folëme	let's talk
folen	nest
folën	SPOKE
folenë	nest
folera	to the floor
folesë	nest
folet	smells
folët	spoke
foletë	nests
foleve	nests
foli	Folie
folnë	they speak
folonë	speak
folsha	I spoke.
folshinë	nonsense
foltë	Folta
folturë	speech
folturit	speakers
folturitë	gossip
folu	hell
folun	get out
foluna	to the root
folunë	we spoke
foluni	foluni
folunit	Folunite
folunitë	gossip
folur	SPEAKING
folura	SPEAKING
folurë	spoken
folurën	they spoke
foluri	speaking
folurit	SPEAKING
foluritë	speeches
Footnotes	Footnotes
forazh	forage
forazhi	forage
forazhin	fodder
forazhit	forazhit
forc	forc
forca	strength
forcash	forces
forcat	FORCES
forcata	forces
forcatë	forces
forcati	force
forcave	FORCES
force	force
forcë	STRENGTH
forcën	FORCE
forcës	Forces
forcimin	STRENGTHENING
forcimit	strengthening
forco	strength
forcoftë	stablish
forcohei	I got stronger.
forcohej	strengthened
forcohen	strengthened
forcoheni	strengthened
forcoheshin	strengthened
forcoheshinë	were getting stronger
forcohet	strengthened
forcohetë	strengthen
forcohi	get stronger
forcohu	Build Yourselves
forcohuni	Be strong
forcoi	strengthened
forcoijnë	strengthen
forcoj	IMPROVE
forcoje	Increase
forcojë	strengthen
Forcojënë	Strengthen
forcoji	strengthen it
forcojini	strengthen them
forcojmë	BUILD
forcon	STRENGTHENS
forconei	pitchfork
forconej	strengthen
forconenë	forconene
forconesh	strengthen
forconetë	forconets
forconi	pitchforks
forconj	strengthen
forconjç	strengthen
forconjë	strengthen
forconjënë	strengthened
forconte	strengthen
forcou	forcou
Forcouni	Forcouni
forcova	fork
forcove	forcove
forcua	strengthened
forcuan	strengthened
forcuanë	strong
forcuar	STRENGTHEN
forcuara	strengthened
forcuarë	strengthened
forcue	strengthened
forcuem	strengthened
forcueme	strengthen
forcuenë	strengthened
Forë	strong record
Fori	Holes
forma	form
formacion	training
formacionet	lineups
formacioneve	formations
format	format
formë	shape
formën	FORM
formënë	the form
formësë	shape
formët	shape
formohen	formed
formohet	formed
formoi	formed
formoj	forms
formoja	form
formojë	form
formojnë	form
formon	form
formonin	forming
formonte	forming
formova	formova
formua	BUILT
formuar	ESTABLISHED
formulë	formula
formuluar	formulated
forniki	fornication
foro	forum
fort	fort
forta	force
fortat	forced
fortatë	strengths
fortë	stronger
fortën	Forton
fortënë	strength
fortesa	fortress
fortesat	strongholds
fortesave	stronghold
fortese	stronghold
fortesë	stronghold
fortesën	stronghold
fortesës	fort
fortësh	bully
fortësinë	strength
fortësoheni	established;
fortësohet	be stronger
fortësoi	hardened
fortëson	-Strengtheining
fortësoni	harden
fortësonin	stiffened
fortësonte	harden
fortësosh	harden
fortësua	hardened
fortësuan	stiffened
fortësuar	strengthened
fortët	strongly
fortëtë	the strong
fortëve	bully
fortëvet	strong people
forti	strong
fortifikimet	fortifications
fortifikohen	are fortified
fortifikohet	is fortified
fortifikoi	fortify
fortifikoj	fortifications
fortifikua	strengthened
fortifikuar	fortified
fortifikuara	fortified
fortin	fortin
fortinë	pillbox
fortit	Fortin
fortitë	forts
Fortunatit	Fortunate
Forumi	Forum
foshënjë	baby
foshnja	baby
foshnjat	babe
foshnjave	baby
foshnje	baby
foshnjë	baby
foshnjeja	the baby
foshnjën	BABY
foshnjenë	baby
foshnjëria	babyhood
foshnjës	baby
foshnjesë	baby
foshnjësë	baby
foshnjet	INFANTS
foshnjët	babe
foshnjetë	baby
foshnjëtë	babies
foshnjevet	babies
foshnjëvet	babies
fostirë	foster
foti	photos
fotia	they take pictures
fotía	photia
fotiet	photite
fotin	fuck
fotinë	photina
fotisë	Photius
foveri	to be cherished
foverisi	foverisi
fqinj	neighbor
fqinjat	neighbor
fqinje	neighboring
fqinjës	neighbor
fqinjët	neighborhood
fqinjëve	neighbors
fqinji	neighbor
fqinjin	neighbor
fqinjit	NEIGHBOR
fragment	fragment
fragmente	Scraps
frashër	FRASHER
frazë	phrase
fre	fre
frë	early
frenat	brakes
frenatë	brake
frëne	brake
frënë	brake
frenoj	stay put
frenojë	restrain
frenon	curbs
frenuar	stem
frerët	bits
frëri	freedom
frerin	frerin
fresk	fresco
freskët	crisp
freskëta	FRESH
freski	freshness
freskia	Freshness
freskim	refreshment
freskohem	freshen up
freskojë	cool
freskon	Refresh
freskuan	refreshed
Frigji	Phrygia
Frigjiadhe	Frigiad
Frigjinë	Phrygia
Frigjisë	Phrygia
frihej	frihej
frihenë	free
frihi	happy
frijti	Friday
frijtinë	Friday
frijturë	fried
frijturit	fried
frik	frik
frika	fear
frikacakë	fearful
frikacakët	cowardly
frikat	fear
frikatë	fear
frikavet	acquitted
frikçim	my free kick
frikçime	free kick
frikçimetë	scarecrows
frikçimit	fear
frike	fear
frikë	fear
frikën	FEAR
frikënë	fear
frikëra	fears
frikës	fear
frikësa	fear
frikësë	fear
frikëshim	fear
frikëshime	fears
frikëshimetë	cowards
frikëshimi	fear
frikëshimit	fear
frikëshimvet	cowards
frikësit	the fearful
frikëso	Fear
frikësoftë	fearful
frikësohem	dread
frikësohen	fear
frikësoheni	fear
frikësohet	fears
frikësohi	be afraid
frikësonem	I am afraid.
frikësonen	they are scared
frikësonenë	scaremonger
frikësonesh	you are afraid
frikësonetë	scarecrow
frikësoni	fear
frikësova	feared
frikësua	FEAR
frikësuan	feared
frikësuanë	they were afraid
frikësuar	frightened
frikësuara	frightened
frikësuarë	scared
frikësuashë	I was afraid.
friket	freaked
frikët	fears
friki	geek
friko	frico
frikohem	fear
frikohen	fear
frikohetë	scared
frikohi	be afraid
frikoni	fricon
frikshëm	frightfully
frikshim	fright
frikshime	scares
frikshimetë	fears
frikshimevet	fears
frikshiminë	the fear
frikshme	FEARSOME
frikua	fear
frikuanë	fearful
frikuara	scared
frikuarë	fearful
frikue	friday
frikuem	scared
frikuen	of the freaks
frikuenë	scared
frikumë	fear
frikun	fuck
frikunë	fear
frikushë	coward
frima	frost
frimë	frim
frimënë	fear
frin	free
frinë	freedom
frinte	front
fron	fron
frone	frone
fronë	thrones
fronet	fronet
fronetë	thrones
froni	throne
fronin	throne
froninë	the throne
fronit	throne
front	front
fronte	forehead
frueitunë	fruit
frushkulla	frushkulla
frushkullat	bubbles
frushkullë	bubble
frushkullën	the whistle
frushkullimë	whisper
frushkullofsh	frushkullofsh
frushkullojnë	whistle
frushkullonenë	French fries
frushkulloninë	the brussels sprout
frushkulluanë	they were drunk
frushkulluashë	I was a little girl.
fruta	fruit
frutash	FRUIT
frutat	fruits
frutave	FRUIT
frutë	fruit
frutore	fruit dish
frutorë	trees
fryem	fryem
fryen	frog
Frygi	Frygi
Frygisë	Phrygia
Frygjinë	Phrygia
fryhej	swell
fryhen	overflow
fryhesh	you swell
fryhet	trumpet
fryhetë	blow
fryj	blow
fryjë	blow
fryjnë	blow
Fryjte	Fry
fryjti	fry
frym	CAP
fryma	SPIRIT
frymash	spirits
frymat	frozen food
frymatë	spirits
frymavet	spirits
fryme	BREATHE
frymë	spirit
frymëmarrja	RESPIRATION
frymëmarrje	breathing
frymën	SPIRIT
frymënë	the breath
frymëra	spirits
frymërat	spirits
frymërave	spirits
frymërisht	spiritually
frymëror	spiritual
frymërore	spiritual
frymërori	spiritual
frymës	SPIRIT
frymësë	breath
frymët	spirits
frymëve	spirits
frymëzim	inspiration
frymëzuar	inspired
frymëzuara	inspired
frymëzuesi	Inspirer
frymit	breath
frymn	frymn
fryn	hill
frynë	blew
fryni	blow
frynjë	breath
frynte	blow
fryra	Redundant
fryrë	sounding
fryrit	free ride
fryrja	swelling
fryrjen	swelling
frysh	fresh
fryt	FRUIT
frytdhënës	fruitful
fryte	FRUIT
frytet	FRUITING
fryteve	fruit
fryti	The fruit
frytin	fruit
frytit	fruit
frytshëm	FRUITFUL
frytshme	productive
fryturë	fruit
fryu	breathed
fshaimë	delete
fshajmë	we delete
fshame	fshame
fshamë	village
fshan	fshan
fshat	VILLAGE
fshatarak	countrified
fshatarët	villagers
fshatëra	village
fshatërash	villagers
fshatëratë	peasant
fshatëravet	villages
fshati	vILLAGE
fshatin	VILLAGE
fshatit	village
fshatra	VILLAGES
fshatrash	villages
fshatrat	villages
fshatrave	villages
fsheh	hide
fsheha	I hid
fshehç	secret
fshehçë	hide
fshehe	hide
fshehë	hide
fshehëmë	hide me
fshehën	Hiding
fshehenë	hide
fshehënë	secretly
fshehërakëtë	hidden rockets
fshehësh	conceal
fshehësiratë	hiding place
fshehëta	secret
fshehëtat	secrets
fshehëtë	hide
fshehëtënë	hidden
fshehëtit	the secret
fshehim	hide
fshehin	conceal
fshehmë	secretly
fshehnë	hide
fshehnjënë	hiding
fshehta	COVERT
fshehtas	secretly
fshehtat	secrets
fshehtave	secrets
fshehtazi	secretly
fshehtë	SECRET
fshehtën	unseen
fshehtësi	PRIVACY
fshehtësinë	confidentiality
fshehu	hid
fshehur	concealed
fshehura	CONCEALED
fshehuraj	secretly
fshehurat	concealed
fshehuratë	secretly
fshehuravet	hide and seek
fshehurazi	secretly
fshehurë	concealed
fshehurën	hidden
fshehurësë	hiding places
fshehurët	the hidden ones
fshehuri	Concealed
fshehurit	fugitives
fshesën	broom
fshetësi	secrecy
fshi	DELETE
fshifshin	hide
fshih	deleted
fshihe	hide
fshihej	hiding
fshihem	elope
fshihemi	hide
fshihen	DELETED
fshihenë	hide
fshihesh	hide
fshihesha	hide
fshiheshin	hide
fshihet	hides
fshihetë	hide
fshihi	Hide
fshihje	hide
fshihnani	hide it
fshihni	hide
fshihnin	they hid
fshihte	hide
fshihu	hide
fshihuni	Take cover
fshij	RUB
fshijë	Clear
fshiji	wipe off
fshijturë	hidden
fshikuj	lashes
fshikull	switch
fshikulli	rod
fshikullima	lashes
fshikullime	lashes
Fshikullimi	Flagellation
fshikullimin	whipping
fshikullin	stroke
fshikullit	lash
fshikulloi	scourged
fshikullojnë	scourge
fshikullon	scourges
fshikulloni	fsikulloni
fshikullonin	scourged
fshikulluan	scourged
fshikulluar	scourged
fshin	deletes
fshinj	wipe
fshinjë	broom
fshinte	wipe
fshirë	DELETED
fshish	COMPLETELY REMOVE
fshiu	wiped
fshiva	fshiva
fshive	blotted out
ftesë	invitation
fto	fto
ftofët	much more cold
ftofëtë	cold
ftofëtit	colds
ftoftit	colds
ftofunë	cold
ftohet	invited
ftohët	cold
ftohetë	it gets cold
ftohëtë	cold
ftohëtit	cold
ftohëtitë	colds
ftohta	COLD
ftohtë	chilly
ftohtit	cold
ftoi	invited
ftojë	invite
ftojënë	the invitation
ftojnë	invite
fton	INVITES
ftoneç	cold
ftonenë	invite
ftoni	invite
ftosh	invite
ftova	invited
ftua	quince
ftuan	invited
ftuar	invited
ftuarë	guests
ftuaret	guests
ftuarit	guests
ftuaritë	guests
ftuarve	guests
ftuat	foot
fuç	barrel
fugoj	fugues
fugon	van
fugosh	fugosh
fulliqëni	fortify
fulliqënie	gluttony
fulliqinë	fullness
fulliqunë	fort
fulqisë	strength
fund	fund
fundërrina	dross
fundërrinat	dregs
fundërrinë	rotter
fundërrinën	multitude
fundi	meeting
fundin	END
fundit	last
Fundja	Ultimately
fundnat	found
fundos	funds
fundosej	sink
fundosem	background
fundosen	sink
fundosesh	brought down
fundoseshin	sink
fundosin	fundsin
fundosur	Grounded
fundrat	pondered
funeraleve	funeraleve
funksion	function
funksionar	functionary
funksionarë	functionary
funksionarët	functionary
funksionet	functions
funksioneve	functions
funksioni	function
funksionin	function
funksionit	function
funt	are
fuqë	power
fuqi	FORCE
fuqia	power
fuqiash	powers
fuqiat	powers
fuqiatë	powerful
fuqiavet	powers
fuqiçim	empowerment
fuqiçme	strength
fuqie	power
fuqiet	fuqiet
fuqimadh	slang
fuqimadhi	scumbag
fuqimadhit	sly
fuqin	the power
fuqinë	the power
fuqira	poor
fuqis	strengthen
fuqisë	power
fuqishëm	POWER
fuqishim	empowerment
fuqishime	reinforcements
fuqishimenë	empowerment
fuqishimet	reinforcements
fuqishme	robust
fuqishmëve	mighty
fuqishmi	Mighty
fuqishmin	Mighty
fuqishmit	Mighty
fuqit	powers
fuqitar	the devil
fuqitarë	powerful
fuqitarëvet	the powerful
fuqitë	powers
fuqive	powers
fuqivet	powers
fuqizohen	strengthened
fuqizojë	empower
fuqizua	strengthened
fuqizuar	EMPOWERING
furë	a furnace
furi	open
furia	fury
furinë	fury
furisë	fury
furishëm	furiously
furishme	furious
furkën	spindle
furkënë	the fork
furmë	oven
furnela	bake it
furnizim	supply
furnizime	SUPPLY
furnizimet	supplies
furnizimi	SUpply
furnizimin	supply
furnizimit	supply
furnizohet	supplied
furnizoi	provided
furnizojë	feed
furnizojnë	supply
furnizon	provides
furnizuan	supplied
furnizuar	SUPPLY
furra	oven
furrat	oven
Furrave	oven
furre	furnace
furrë	oven
furrën	furnace
furrës	oven
furrësë	the oven
furrëvejka	oven
furrtare	to steal
furrtarëve	bakers'
furrtari	furrtar
furtuna	luck
Furtunatit	Stormy
Furtunatosë	Stormy
furtune	HOSES
furtunë	storm
furtunën	storm
furtunës	storm
furtunjasemi	stormjasemi
fus	fus
fusë	dip
fusha	field
fushash	AREAS
fushat	areas
fushata	campaign
fushatat	campaigns
fushatatë	campaigns
fushatave	campaigns
fushate	CAMPAIGN
fushatë	campaign
fushatën	CAMPAIGN
fushatënë	the campaign
fushatës	campaign
fushatët	campaigns
fushave	FIELD
fushavet	fields
fushe	field
fushë	field
fushën	Pentar
fushënë	field
fushëratë	plain
fushës	field
fushësë	field
fushët	field
fushim	fushim
fushime	fushime
fushimet	fushimet
fushimeve	camps
fushimi	fushimi
fushimin	fushimin
fushimit	camp
fushoi	fushoi
fushoj	encamp
fushojmë	encamp
fushojnë	camp
Fushoni	Fushoni
fushonin	Fushonin
fushore	field
fushuam	fushuam
fushuan	fushuan
fushuar	encamped
fusin	PUT
fusja	in prisons
fusnin	foist
fustanit	dress
fuste	skirts
fut	was
futa	delete
fute	fuck
futë	introduce
futen	included
futën	they entered
futenë	enter
futeni	ADD
futesh	enter
futësh	bring
futeshin	enter
futet	INTO
futët	You're in
Futhi	And
futi	again
futin	pump
futju	futyu
futnë	enter
futni	to run
futnin	insert
futnjë	introduction
futu	feet
futunë	enter
futur	future
futura	future
futurë	Futura
fuzhnja	fuzhnja
fyeje	offend
fyejë	insult
fyejevet	fyjevet
fyejnë	offend
fyejt	flutes
fyejve	pipes
fyell	shank
fyelli	flute
fyellin	flocks
fyellit	ney
fyelltarët	minstrels
Fyelltarëtshoqëronin	The pipers accompanied
fyelltarëve	pipers
fyen	the fuck
fyeni	insult
fyenin	insulted
fyente	offend
fyer	insulted
fyerja	INSULT
fyerje	insult
fyerjeje	insult
fyerjen	INSULT
fyerjesh	insults
fyerjet	insult
fyerjeve	insults
fyes	offensive
fyese	offensive
fyetnë	insult
fyeu	fire
Fygelli	Fygel
fyhen	insulted
fyhet	offended
fyll	fill
fyllit	full
fyllorësh	of flowers
fyshk	shell
fyshkenë	bubble
fyshketë	whistle
fyshkurë	whistle
fyt	throat
fyti	sore
fytit	throat
fytyra	face
fytyrat	FACES
fytyrave	faces
fytyre	FACE
fytyrë	face
fytyrën	the face
fytyrënë	the face
fytyrës	facial
fytyrëzbuluar	faces
Gaali	Bike
Gaalin	Infidelity
Gaalit	Angry
Gaash	Gash
Gaashi	Shield
Gaashit	Shield
gaba	front
Gabai	Gabi
Gabaon	Gibeon
Gabaoni	Gibeon
Gabaonin	Gibeon
Gabaonit	Gibeonites
gabaonitët	Gibeon
gabaonitëve	Gibeonites
gabaoniti	gabion
Gabatha	Gabatha
Gabbatha	Gabbatha
gaberi	without
gabim	error
gabimet	mistakes
gabimi	ERROR
gabimin	MISTAKE
gabimisht	INCORRECT
gabimit	error
gabohen	deluded
Gaboheni	miss
gabojë	mistake
gabojmë	err
gabojnë	err
gabon	gabon
gabonenë	Gabonese
gaboni	Gabon
Gabriel	Gabriel
Gabrieli	Gabriela
gabuar	FALSE
gabuara	FALSE
gabuarit	wrong!
Gad	Gad
Gadahu	Gadahu
gadarenasve	gadarenasve
gadarenëve	Gadarenes
Gadarenëvendodhet	Gadarene is located
Gadarenvet	Gadarenvet
Gaderit	Road trip
Gadh	Beard
Gadharinovet	Gadharinovet
Gadhë	Cattle
Gadhinë	The gate
Gadhit	Gadhit
Gadi	Years
Gadieli	Gadiel
Gadin	Guard
Gadinë	Gadda
Gadit	Gadit
gaditë	Gad
gaditët	Gad'ites
gaditëve	Gad
Gaditëvet	The Gadites
Gahamin	All
Gaharit	Gaharit
Gai	Subject
gaile	steam
gaileja	gailja
gailesh	gailesh
gailet	biscuit
Gain	Gain
Gainë	Gaya
Gaio	Gay
Gaioi	Action
Gaionë	Gaion
Gaisë	Gaia
Gait	Gait
Gaiu	Gaius
gajasnjënë	gayanese
gajdes	bagpipes
Gaji	Salary
Gajin	Tired
Gajit	Gajit
gajle	fret
Gal	Gal
Galaad	Gilead
Galaadi	Gilead
Galaadin	Gilead
Galaadit	Gileadite
galaaditët	Gilead
galaaditëve	Gileadites
galaaditi	Galatians
galaaditit	Gileadites
Galali	Galali
Galalit	Galalit
galatas	Galatians
Galati	Galata
Galatiaishte	Galatians
Galatiajanë	Galatians
Galatianë	Galatians
Galatianët	Galatians
Galatisë	Galatia
galban	in a galley
galdojnë	they rejoice
Galed	Hard
Galeed	Corn
galeri	gallery
galeritë	galleries
Galile	Galilee
Galilea	Galilee
Galilean	Galilean
Galileanë	Galileans
Galileanët	The Galileans
Galileanëtë	Galileans
galileas	Galilee
galileasi	Galileans
galileasin	Galilean
Galileasinë	Galilean
galileasit	Galileans
galileasve	Galileans
Galileë	Galilee
Galileësë	Galilee
Galileja	Galilee
Galilejadhe	Galilee
Galilejtë	Galileans
Galilen	Galilee
Galilenë	Galilee
Galileonë	Galileo
Galilesë	Galilee
Galilesënë	In Galilee
Galilet	Galilee
Galimi	Available
Galimit	Galimit
Galioni	Galioni
Gallaadhi	Galaadhi
Gallaadi	Galatians
Gallatë	Galata
Gallati	Gallati
Gallatiësë	Galatia
Gallatiot	Gallatiot
Gallatisë	Galatia
Gallimësë	Gallima
Gallioni	Gallions
galop	gallop
galopin	gallop
Gamaliel	Gamaliel
Gamalieli	Gamaliel
Gamalielin	Gamalielin
Gamalielit	Gamaliel
Gamaliil	Gamaliil
Gamaliilit	Gamaliel
gamile	gamil
gamilenë	gamile
Gamilësë	Camels
gamilia	gamilia
Gamuli	Gamuli
Gamulin	Gamulin
gangrenë	gangrene
Ganim	I am angry.
Ganimi	Ghanim
Ganimin	The spoils
gara	we are
garafë	carafe
garafënë	carafe
garanci	WARRANTY
garancia	guarantee
garant	guarantee
garanti	warranty
gardh	fence
gardhe	fence
gardheve	fences
gardhin	fence
gardhinë	the fence
garë	COMPETITION
Garebi	Garebi
Garebit	Will be
Garedi	Garedy
garën	COMPETITION
Garmeui	Garmeui
garnizon	garrison
garnizone	garrisons
garnizoni	The garrison
garnizonin	the garrison
garnizonit	garrison
garth	garth
garzë	gauze
gas	gas
gasçime	gaschime
Gashmui	To Gashmui
gasmohu	gasp
gast	guest
gastare	gassing
gastareja	spend
gastareje	spendaxis
gastaresë	gas station
Gat	Hole
Gatam	Gatam
Gatami	Gatami
Gatamit	Wear
gate	gate
gatesa	gate
gatestarit	cooked
Gath	Gath
Gatha	Gatha
Gathi	Gath
Gathin	Gathin
Gathit	Gathit
gati	READY
gatije	gatius
gatisë	initialize
gatishim	we were getting ready
gatishime	preparations
gatishimenë	cooking
gatishmëri	READINESS
gatishmëria	PREPAREDNESS
gatishmërinë	PREPAREDNESS
gatisin	gatisin
gatita	cooked
gatitej	cooking
gatitem	we cook
gatiteni	kitchens
gatitet	cooking
gatitur	drawing near
gatoi	cooked
gatoj	cats
gatonjësi	cook
gatova	ready
gatshëm	ready
gatshme	CASH
gatuaj	cook
gatuajnë	cooking
gatuajsh	cook
gatuam	cat
gatuan	cooks
gatuanë	they cooked
gatuar	cooked
gatuara	cooked
gatuarëtë	cooked
gatuash	seethe
gatueish	gatueish
gatuemitë	cooking
gatuhen	cooked
gatuheshin	baked
gatuheshinë	were cooking
gatunë	dishes
Gavatha	Gavatha
gaviç	Gavic
gaviçi	cavichi
gaviçin	Gavic
gaviçit	gavicit
Gavriil	Gabriel
Gavriili	Gabriel
gaz	gas
Gaza	Gaza
Gazamit	Gazamit
Gazë	Gaza
gazela	gazelle
gazelat	gazette
gazelave	gazelle
gazele	GASES
gazelë	gazelle
gazelës	gazelle
gazëmuem	cheerful
Gazën	Gaza
Gazës	Gaza
gazesh	gases
gazëtore	gas station
Gazezin	Gaza
gazi	veteran
gazin	GAS
gazit	gas
gazmend	liveliness
gazmofshin	gazmofshin
gazmofshinë	merry-go-round
gazmohem	I rejoice.
gazmohemi	let's have fun
gazmohenë	they rejoice
gazmohetë	cheerful
gazmohi	gazmohi
gazmore	funny
gazmue	gazmue
gazmuem	gasmooth
Gazofillaqi	Gasoline
gdhend	gouge
gdhende	gouge
gdhendë	incuse
gdhenden	engravings
gdhendën	engravings
gdhendës	engraver
gdhendësh	engrave
gdhendësi	carver
gdhendësit	engraver
gdhendësve	engravers
gdhendi	thereon
gdhendjen	engravings
gdhendjet	engravings
gdhendni	graven
gdhendua	engraved
gdhendur	carved
gdhëndur	sculptured
gdhendura	carved
gdhëndura	carved
gdhëndurat	engravings
gdhënduratë	engraving
gdhëndurë	engraved
gdhi	day came
gdhijë	grow light
gdhirë	daybreak
gdhish	gdhish
gdhiu	today
Geba	Capable
Gebali	Gebali
Gebalit	Hebalit
Geban	Banned
Gebas	Quickly
Gebën	Prayer
Geber	donor
Geberi	Geberi
Geberin	donor
Gebës	Prayer
Gebimit	Gebimit
Gebusi	Gebusi
gëcitnë	in the morning
gëciturit	the gossip
Gedaliahu	Gedaliah
Gedaliahun	Gedaliah
Gedaliahut	Gedaliah
Gedaljahu	Gedaliah
Gedaljahut	Gedaliah
Gedeoni	Gedeoni
Gedeonin	Gideon
Gedeoninë	Gideon
Gedeonit	Gideon
Gedera	Gederah
Gederah	Gedera
Gederahu	The boat
Gederi	The cost
Gederit	Eat
Gederothaimi	Gederothaimi
Gederothi	Gederothi
Gederothin	Gederothin
gëdhenç	chisel
gëdhënda	quince
gëdhendësi	engraver
gëdhendunat	carvings
gëdhëndura	carving
gëdhendurat	carvings
gëdhëndurat	the carvings
gëdhënduratë	patience
gëdhenduravet	carvings
gëdhëndurë	carved
gëdhendurin	the carver
gëdhendurit	the engravers
Gëdhënt	The cheeses
gëdhentnjë	chisel
gëdhimesë	carving
gëdhini	peel
gëdhinte	was biting
Gedi	Gedi
Gedit	Gedit
Gedolimit	Gedolimit
Gedori	Gedor
Gedorit	Gedor
Gehazi	Gehazi
Gehazin	Gehazin
Gehazit	Giezi
Gehena	Gehenna
Gehenas	Gehenas
Gehenën	hell
Gehenës	hell
gekoja	gecko
Gelilothit	Gelilothit
gëlltisë	gobble
gëlltisin	swallow
gëlltiste	swallow
gëlltit	swallow
gëlltita	I swallowed
gëlltite	Ingestion
gëlltitëm	swallowed
gëlltiten	swallowed
gëlltitën	swallowed up
gëlltitësh	devour
gëlltitet	chokes
gëlltiti	swallowed
gëlltitni	swallow
gëlltitur	swallowed
gëloi	yellow
gëlojnë	abound
gëlqere	Lime
gëlqereje	lime
gëlqeres	LIME
gëluan	gulluan
Gemalit	malit
Gemariahu	Gemariah
Gemariahut	The Greatest
gëmusha	thickets
gëmushave	bushes
gëmushët	watering
gënje	deceive
gënjeç	liar
gënjeftë	lie
gënjehen	deceived
gënjehenë	lie
gënjeheni	you are lying
gënjehesh	you are lying
gënjehet	treacherous
gënjehetë	lie
gënjehi	lie
gënjeimë	lie
gënjej	lie
gënjejë	lie
gënjejëmë	lie to me
gënjejënë	lie
gënjejmë	deceive
gënjejnë	trick
gënjejsh	lie
gënjen	lies
gënjenë	and tell lies
gënjeneni	lie to me
gënjenetë	liar
gënjeni	lie
gënjenin	they lied
gënjenjë	lie
gënjenjënë	lie
gënjente	lying
gënjesh	lying
gënjeshtar	liar
gënjeshtare	liar
gënjeshtarë	liars
gënjështare	liar
gënjeshtaresë	liar
gënjeshtarët	liars
gënjeshtarëve	liars
gënjeshtari	liar
gënjeshtarinë	lying
gënjeshtër	lie
gënjeshtërt	UNTRUE
gënjeshtërta	lies
gënjeshtjar	liar
gënjeshtjare	liar
gënjeshtjarë	liars
gënjeshtjaresë	liar
gënjeshtjarëtë	liars
gënjeshtjari	liar
gënjeshtr	lie
gënjeshtra	lie
gënjeshtrash	lies
gënjeshtrat	Lie
gënjeshtratë	liars
gënjeshtrave	Fools
gënjeshtre	lying
gënjeshtrë	lie
gënjeshtrën	falsehood
gënjeshtrënë	the liar
gënjeshtrës	falsehood
gënjeshtrësë	liars
gënjeu	lied
gënjeve	lied
gënjie	joke
gënjierë	liar
gënjierit	liars
gënjim	defraudation
gënjimë	lie
gënjimet	defraudation
gënjimi	lying
gënjimin	lying
gënjimit	deceit
gënjye	deceived
gënjyem	we lied
gënjyeme	lie
gënjyenë	lie
gënjyer	lying
gënjyerë	liar
gënjyershim	lying
gënjyet	deceived
gënjym	lie
gënjymë	lie
Gennesaret	Gennesaret
Gennesaretit	Gennesaretit
Gennisaret	Gennisaret
Genubath	Genubath
Genubathi	Genubathi
Gera	Do
Gerar	To generate
Gerara	Gerar
Geraratë	Gerarat
Geraravet	Geraravet
Gerari	Gerar
Gerarit	Gerarit
Geras	Good
gerasenasit	gerasenasit
gerasenëve	Gerasenes
Gerasim	Gerasim
Gerau	Gerau
gërcëllijnë	they shiver
gërdhu	snort
gere	gere
Gerezim	Gerezim
gërgamit	gargle
gërganë	neck
gërgasa	throat
gergesenasve	gergesenasve
Gergesinvet	Gergenvet
Gerit	He wears
Gerizim	Gerizim
Gerizimit	Gerizim
germa	heat
gërmadha	relics
gërmadhash	ruins
gërmadhat	relics
gërmadhë	wrack
germën	the letter
germës	letter
gërmihi	غرمیه
gërmihin	غرمین
gërmihinë	the grave
gërmihunë	they dug
gërmoi	digged
gërmoj	dig
gërmojnë	burrow
gërmon	digs
Gërmoni	Dig
gërmosh	digging
gërmova	digged
gërmuan	dug
gërmuar	dug
gërmuqur	wrinkled
gërnjashni	snort
Gërqinjet	The cracks
gërqisht	Greek
Gërqishte	Greek
gërryejnë	Gnawing
gërshëre	scissors
gërshërët	tongs
gërshesë	braid
gërshet	plat
gërsheta	braiding
gërshetat	locks
gërshetave	plaits
gërshetëna	braid
gërshetetë	braid
gërshetimi	Interlacing
gërshetit	gersheti
gërsheton	combines
gërshetonjënë	braid
gërshetuara	CUTTING
gërshetuarë	intertwined
gërshetuarëtë	braided
gërshetuenë	interwoven
gërshetunë	braid
gërshitëmen	the weaver
gërshiti	snored
Gershom	Gershom
Gershomi	Gershomi
Gershomit	Gershomit
Gershoni	Gershon
Gershonit	Gershon
gershonitët	Gershon
gershonitëve	Gershonites
gershonitit	Gershon
gërthet	someone shouts
gërthiçinë	the groin
gërthiti	snorted
gërthitnë	snort
gërthitun	snort
Geruth	Geruth
gërvishç	scratch
gërvisht	jingle
gërvishtar	scratcher
gërvishtë	scratch
gërvishten	scratch
gërvishtnë	scratch
gërvishtur	scratched
gërvishturë	scratched
gërvishturi	scratch
gërvishturit	scratched
Geshani	geshani
Geshem	Geshem
Geshemi	Geshemi
gështenjat	chestnuts
Geshur	Geshur
Geshuri	Geshuri
Geshurit	Geshurit
geshuritët	Geshurites
geshuritëve	Geshuri
Getheri	Getheri
Gethsemani	In Gethsemane
Gethsimani	Gethsimani
Geueli	Geueli
Gevalli	Fallen
Gezarinit	Gezarin
Gezer	Wandering
Gezeri	Gezer
Gezerin	Gezerin
Gezerit	Gezerit
gëzim	JOY
gëzime	happiness
gëzimeve	mirth
gëzimi	The joy
gëzimin	JOY
gëziminë	joy
gëzimit	joy
gëzimn	joy
gëzimnë	joy
gëzo	Rejoice
gëzof	fur
gëzofi	furry
gëzofin	fur
gëzofshi	rejoice
gëzofshin	let them be happy
gëzofshinë	fur
gëzoftë	rejoice
gëzohei	rejoice
gëzohej	enjoyed
gëzohem	rejoice
gëzohemi	rejoice
gëzohen	rejoice
gëzohenë	rejoice
gëzoheni	rejoice
gëzohesh	rejoice
gëzoheshe	rejoice
gëzoheshin	rejoice
gëzoheshinë	were rejoicing
gëzoheshit	exulted
gëzohet	rejoice
gëzohetë	rejoice
gëzohi	rejoice
gëzohu	Cheer up
gëzohuni	cheer up
gëzoj	enjoy
gëzoja	I enjoyed
Gëzoje	Rejoice
gëzojë	gladden
gëzojënë	enjoy
gëzojmë	BLESSED
gëzojnë	enjoy
gëzojsh	rejoice
gëzoju	rejoice
gëzon	ENTITLED
gëzonej	enjoy
gëzonejnë	enjoy
gëzonem	enjoy
gëzonemi	let's enjoy
gëzonen	enjoy
gëzonenë	enjoy
gëzoneni	enjoy yourself
gëzonesh	enjoy
gëzonet	rejoice
gëzonetë	enjoy
gëzoni	ENJOY
gëzonin	enjoyed
gëzonishnë	joyful
gëzonishtë	joyful
gëzonj	enjoy
gëzonjë	joy
gëzonjënë	joy
gëzonte	enjoyed
gëzosh	rejoice
gëzou	supposed
Gëzouni	Enjoy.
gëzova	overjoyed
gëzove	rejoice over
gëzua	rejoiced
Gëzuaç	Joyful
gëzuaçë	cheerful
gëzuam	our joy
gëzuan	rejoiced
gëzuanë	happy
gëzuar	Cheers
gëzuara	Cheers
gëzuarë	happy
gëzuaret	happy
gëzuarshime	joy
gëzuashë	I was happy.
gëzuat	rejoiced
gëzue	rejoiced
gëzuem	happy
gëzueme	happy
gëzuemë	happy
gëzuenë	happy
gëzueshë	happy
gëzueshimë	joyful
gëzumë	joy
gëzunë	baby
gëzushë	baby
Ghera	War
Gherar	Gerar
Gherarit	Gerarit
Gheri	Gheri
Ghershomit	Ghershomit
Ghezerin	Ghezerin
Giahut	Giah
Gibarit	Gibarit
Gibeah	Gibeah
Gibeahu	Gibeah
Gibeahun	Gibeah
Gibeahut	Gibeahut
Gibeathi	Gibeath
Giberahu	Giberah
Gibethon	Abdon
Gibethoni	Gibbethon
Gibethonin	Gibethonin
Gibethonit	Gibbethon
Gibeut	Gibeut
giblenjtë	the Ghibli
giblitëve	Gebalites
Gibon	Gibbon
Gidalti	Giddy up
Gidelit	Gidelite
Gideonin	Gideon
Gideonit	Gideonit
Gidon	Handlebar
Gigalit	Angry
Gihon	diligent
Gihonit	Gihonit
Gilalaji	Gilalaj
Gilboa	Gilboa
Gilboas	Gilboas
gilcën	gold
gilcës	shrank
Gilead	Gilead
Gileada	Gilead
Gileadi	Gilead
Gileadinë	Gilead
Gileadit	Gileadit
Gilgal	Gilgal
Gilgali	Gilgal
Gilgalit	Gilgalit
Gillgallit	Gillgallite
Gilo	Gilo
Gilohu	Gilahu
gilonitin	gilonitin
Gimel	Gimel
Gimell	Gimell
Gimzon	Gimzon
Ginathit	Ginathit
Ginethoi	Ginethoi
Ginethoni	Ginethon
Ginethonit	Ginethon
Gionni	Gionni
Gionninë	Gionnina
Gionnit	Gionnit
girgasenjtë	Girgashians
girgasenjve	girgasenjve
girzitëve	Girzites
Gishpa	Gishpa
gisht	finger
gishta	fingers
gishtat	fingers
gishtënavet	fingers
gishtënit	finger
gishtërat	fingers
gishtërinj	fingers
gishtërinjtë	toes
gishtërinjve	fingerprint
gishti	finger
gishtin	toe
gishtinë	finger
gishtit	thumb
gishtrat	gishtrat
gishtratë	fingernail
gishtrëvet	fingers
gishtrit	finger
Gitaim	Gitaim
gitenjtë	the gypsies
giteu	cottage
gith	gee
githënjë	all
Gititin	Go away
Gitthaim	Gitthaim
Gittith	Gittith
Gizoni	Man
gja	longs
gjaftë	six
gjah	coursing
gjahtar	hunter
gjahtarësh	hunter
gjahtari	hunter
gjahtarit	hunters
gjahtorëvet	hunters
gjahtorit	hunters
gjahtuar	hunted
gjahu	hunting
gjahun	the prey
gjahunë	the hunt
gjahut	HUNT
gjaijnë	they are coming
gjainë	blood
gjaishinë	the same
gjaiti	gjaiti
gjaitnë	during
gjaitunë	long
gjaja	the blood
gjaje	food
gjajë	blood
gjajënë	the thing
gjajet	the blood
gjajinë	the world
gjajtë	blood
gjajti	the whole
gjajtinë	length
gjajturë	long-legged
gjak	blood
gjakatar	bloodthirsty
gjakatare	bloodthirsty
gjakatarë	bloodthirsty
gjakatarësh	bloodthirsty
gjakatarët	the bloodthirsty
gjakderdhja	bloodshed
gjakderdhje	bloodshed
gjakëcorë	bloodthirsty
gjakëcorëtë	bloodthirsty
gjakëcuar	bloody
gjakësorë	assassins
gjakëtorë	bloodthirsty
gjakëtorëtë	bloodthirsty
gjakëtori	bloodthirsty
gjakëtorinë	bloodshed
gjakëtuar	bloody
gjakftohtësia	Moderation
gjakn	gajan
gjaknash	gjaknash
gjaknatë	bloody night
gjaknavet	the grumpy one
gjaknë	blood
gjaknxehtë	techy
gjakra	tempers
gjakrash	bloodguiltiness
gjakrat	tempers
gjakratë	bloodthirsty
gjakravet	bloodsuckers
gjaksorë	murderers
gjaksorëtë	bloodthirsty
gjaksuer	bloody
gjakt	blood
gjaku	blood
gjakun	bLOOD
gjakunë	the blood
gjakut	blood
gjall	animate
gjalla	Creatures
gjallë	LIVING
gjallëri	DYNAMIC
gjallërinë	vitality
gjallëro	quicken
gjallëromë	Revive
gjallërua	again,
gjallëruar	vibrant
gjallesa	creatures
gjallesat	beasts
gjallesave	Wildlife
gjallese	creature
gjallesë	creature
gjallesës	the flesh
gjallësh	alive
gjallët	alive
gjallëtë	the living
gjallëve	alive
gjallëvet	animals
gjalli	living
gjallin	living
gjallinë	the living
gjallit	Living
gjallturit	the living
gjalma	straps broken
gjalpë	butter
gjalpi	butter
gjalpin	the butter
gjam	toughened glass
gjan	Things
gjanë	sheep
gjanësina	probability
gjanësinët	ignorance
gjanët	things
gjani	amplitude
gjanjë	like
gjanjënë	in the morning
gjante	in the morning
gjaqesh	blood
gjarat	HRSG
gjarë	wide value
gjarpën	the snake
gjarpëni	snake
gjarpënin	the snake
gjarpëninë	serpentine
gjarpënit	snakes
gjarpër	snake
gjarpëri	snake
gjarpërin	serpent
gjarpërinë	the snake
gjarpërinj	serpents
gjarpërinjsh	snakes
gjarpërinjtë	snakes
gjarpërinjve	Serpents
gjarpërit	asp
gjarpërojnë	snaking
gjarpij	scolding
gjarpinj	snakes
gjarpinjsh	snakes
gjarpinjtë	snakes
gjarpinjvet	the_gjarpinjvet
gjarpri	SERPENT
gjarprin	serpent
gjarprit	SERPENT
gjas	likely
gjasë	likelihood
gjash	six
gjasht	six
gjashta	sixth
gjashtë	six
gjashtëdhiet	six goats
gjashtëdhietë	sixteen
gjashtëdhjetë	sixty
gjashtëdhjetëfish	sixty
gjashtëmbëdhietë	sixteen
gjashtëmbëdhjetë	sixteen
gjashtëmbëdhjetëtë	sixteen
gjashtëmbëdhjeti	sixteen
gjashtën	sixth
gjashtënë	the sixth
gjashtëqind	six
gjashtëqindenjëtë	six
gjashtëqindtë	six hundredth
gjashtësë	six
gjashtëta	sixth
gjashtëtë	sixth
gjashtëti	sixth
gjashti	sixth
gjashtinë	sixth
gjashttë	sixth
gjashtti	sixth
gjashttinë	sixth
gjashttit	the sixth
gjat	DURING
gjata	long
gjatatë	long
gjatënë	length
gjatësi	length
gjatësia	length
gjatësina	length
gjatësinë	height
gjatësisë	longitudinal
gjatët	Engagement
gjatëtë	precise cuts during
gjati	lengthwise
gjau	now
gjava	week
gjë	SOMETHING
Gjeba	Goosebumps
Gjebimësë	The seed
gjeç	cheese
gjeça	cheese
gjeçë	something
gjeçim	discovery
gjedhë	BOVINE
Gjedheonë	We are looking for
gjedhët	bovines
gjedhëve	cattle
gjedhi	beef
gjëegjëzën	riddle
gjegja	answer
gjegjëjësë	answer
gjegjejnë	they answer
gjegjem	I answer.
gjegjemi	we answer
gjegjenë	right
gjegjetë	twenty
gjegji	replied
gjegju	answer
gjegjunë	north
gjegjurë	corner
gjegjurit	the north
gjegjuritë	the north
gjeijn	no
gjeijnë	they find
gjeimë	we found
gjëit	thing
gjej	find
gjëj	get
gjeja	THING
gjëja	THING
gjeje	Fill
gjejë	ago
gjëje	get
gjejëmë	find me
gjejën	find
gjejënë	find
gjejinë	the treasure
gjejmë	FIND
gjëjmë	BigBoss
gjejnë	find
gjejsh	thou mayest
gjejshinë	geisha
gjëkafshë	something
gjekët	the bugs
gjelbër	green
gjelbërë	green
gjelbërim	greenery
gjelbërimeve	greenery
gjelbërimin	greening
gjelbërojnë	green
gjelbëron	green
gjelbëronin	they were green
gjelbërt	green
gjelbëruar	GREENER
gjelbërues	green
gjelbëtë	green
gjelbra	green
gjeli	crows
gjelit	rooster
gjell	gill
gjella	dish
gjellë	dish
gjellëbërëse	cook
Gjellëbërësi	cook
gjellëbërësit	cook
gjellën	dish
gjellëra	dishes
Gjellëratë	Dishes
gjellësh	meats
gjellët	meat
gjellëtë	dishes
gjellëvet	dishes
gjëlpërësë	greengrocer
gjem	hide
gjëma	The calamity
gjemb	STICKER
gjemba	THORNS
gjëmba	sting
gjembash	blackthorn
gjëmbash	thorns
gjembat	thorns
gjëmbat	thorns
gjëmbatë	thorn
gjembave	blackthorn
gjëmbavet	thorns
Gjembi	thistle
gjëmbi	thistle
gjembin	thistle
gjëmbit	thorns
gjembore	SPINOSE
gjëmbtë	thorns
gjëmë	disaster
gjemëcitë	the noises
gjëmën	disaster
gjëmës	billow
gjëmim	thunder
gjëmime	thunder
gjëmimetë	thunder
gjëmimevet	the thunders
gjëmimi	The voice
gjëmimin	thunder
gjëmimit	thunder
gjëmo	thunder
gjëmoi	thundered
gjëmojë	thunder
gjëmojnë	roar
gjëmon	thunders
gjëmonjë	thunder
gjëmonjënë	thunderbolt
gjëmonte	thundering
gjëmuan	they thundered
gjëmuarë	thunderous
gjëmuari	thunder
gjëmues	thundering
gjen	FIND
gjën	possess a single
gjënçë	thing
gjend	found
gjënd	himself completely free
gjenda	found
gjëndçë	gland
gjënde	found
gjendej	found
gjëndej	was located
gjëndëj	I am
gjëndeja	condition
gjëndëja	the state
gjëndeje	found
gjëndëje	condition
gjëndejen	the situation
gjëndëjen	the situation
gjëndëjene	your situation
gjëndëjenë	they are
gjëndëjes	situation
gjëndejesë	situation
gjëndëjesë	condition
gjëndëjesh	you are in a state
gjëndejet	situations
gjëndëjet	conditions
gjëndëjetë	life expectancy
gjëndëjeve	conditions
gjëndejevet	conditions
gjëndëjevet	conditions
gjendem	again
gjëndem	grow
gjendemi	LOCATION
gjëndemi	we are
gjenden	PRESENT
gjendën	found
gjëndenë	situation
gjëndeni	You
gjendesh	FOUND
gjëndesh	found
gjendesha	I found myself
gjëndeshë	girl
gjendeshin	There were
gjëndeshinë	the situation
gjendeshit	found even
gjendet	Available
gjendët	to be safe
gjëndet	found
gjendetë	found
gjëndetë	situation
gjëndëtë	conditions
gjëndi	situation
gjendja	condition
gjendje	ABLE
gjendjen	SITUATION
gjendjes	Registry
gjendnë	found
gjëndnë	are you
gjendur	found
gjenë	finds
gjënë	Geneva
Gjeneallogji	Genealogy
gjeneallogjia	genealogy
gjeneallogjiat	genealogies
gjeneallogjisë	genealogy
gjeneallogjitë	genealogies
gjeneallogjivet	genealogies
gjenealogji	genealogy
gjenealogjia	genealogy
gjenealogjik	genealogical
gjenealogjike	genealogy
gjenealogjinë	genealogy
gjenealogjisë	Genealogical
gjenealogjitë	genealogy
gjenealogjive	genealogy
gjenerali	Gen.
gjeneruar	Generation
Gjenesaret	Gennesaret
Gjenesaretit	Gennesaret
Gjenesaretitështë	Gennesaret is
Gjenesaretitndodhet	Gennesaret is located
gjeni	genius
gjëni	find
gjenin	find
gjeninë	genius
Gjenisaretit	Gennesaret
gjenitale	genital
gjenj	find
gjënj	lying to
gjënjç	thing
gjenjë	lying to
gjënjë	thing
gjenjën	found
gjënjën	the thing
gjenjënë	find
gjënjënë	thing
gjenjsh	find
gjenneallogjisë	genealogy
gjenni	to go
Gjennisaretit	Gjennisaretite
gjent	again
gjënt	thing
gjëntçin	the problem
gjente	find
gjëntë	thing
gjenttë	everyone
gjënttë	everything
gjer	does
gjera	THINGS
gjëra	stuff
gjerahe	do it
gjeran	the thing
Gjerara	Gerara
Gjerarë	Gerar
Gjerarësë	Gherarës
gjërash	things
gjerat	things
gjërat	things
gjerave	up
gjërave	things
gjerbon	gerbon
gjerdan	necklace
gjerdane	strings
gjerdanë	necklace
gjerdhet	hedges
gjerdheve	hedges
gjerë	WIDER
gjërë	LARGE
gjerësi	width
gjerësia	width
gjerësinë	width
gjerësisë	BREADTH
gjerësisht	widely
gjërët	wide
gjerëtë	wide
Gjergjesejt	George
Gjergjeseu	George
Gjergjesinovet	Gjergjesinovet
gjëri	even broader endeavor
gjëria	width
gjërinë	width
gjërit	things
gjërivet	widths
Gjërpijtë	The Grypi
gjërpinj	pine cone
gjërpinjet	the whole thing
gjërpinjt	pine needles
gjërpinjtë	the pines
gjersa	until
gjës	gesture
gjësë	gesture
gjesh	find
gjeste	HAND
gjet	Finding
gjët	Finding
gjeta	FINDING
gjete	found
gjetë	Finding
gjetëk	found
gjetëkëshim	we found
gjetëm	found
gjetën	found
gjetët	Finding
gjethe	leaf
gjetheja	the leaf
Gjetheri	Leaf
gjetheshumë	thick
gjethet	the leaves
gjethetë	the leaves
gjetheve	leaf
gjethi	leaf
gjethja	leaf
gjethnaja	leaves
Gjethsimani	Gethsemane
gjeti	FOUND
gjetiu	elsewhere
gjetm	we found
gjetmë	we found
gjetnë	we found
Gjetsemani	Gethsemane
Gjetsemaninë	Gethsemane
gjetsha	shall find
gjetshin	May you find
gjettë	find
gjetun	gjetue
gjetunë	found
gjetur	found
gjetura	FOUND
gjeturë	found
gjezdis	I am happy.
gjezdisnë	in the evening
gjezdiste	tourist
gjëzë	riddle
gjëzën	riddle
gji	BREASTFEEDING
Gjibeaha	Gjibeaha
Gjibeonit	Gibeonites
gjigant	giant
gjigantë	giants
gjigantësh	giants
gjigantët	giants
gjigantëtë	the giants
gjigantëve	giants
Gjigantëvet	The Giants
Gjihon	Gjihon
gjiitha	lbania
gjij	breasts
gjijt	all
Gjiloh	Giloh
gjilpëre	needle
gjilpërës	needle
gjimim	sleep
gjimojë	sleep
gjimojënë	gym
gjimon	sleep
gjimuem	we sleep
gjin	none
gjinah	gynecologist
gjinahqarë	gluttons
gjinahqarëtë	the gynecologists
gjind	folk
gjindei	found
gjindeja	I found
gjindëja	breast
gjindeje	find it
gjindëje	find
gjindëjen	find
gjindëjenë	found
gjindëjes	finding
gjindëjesë	finding
gjindëjet	findings
gjindëjevet	findings
gjindem	I am found
gjindën	found
gjindenë	found
gjindet	folk
gjindetë	you are there
gjindie	location
gjindiesë	gender
gjindunë	found
gjineshtre	mother-in-law
gjineshtrës	broom
gjini	SEX
gjinit	Gjini
gjinj	Tits
gjinjt	breasts
gjinjtë	breasts
gjinjve	breasts
gjintarëtë	relatives
gjintari	gender
gjinte	breasts
Gjionn	Gionn
Gjionni	Gjionni
Gjionnin	John
Gjionninë	The world
Gjionnit	John
gjiqi	breast
Gjirgashitëtë	The Gjirgashi people
gjiri	BREAST
gjirin	Bay
gjirit	BREAST
gjiriz	sewer
gjisht	finger
gjishtërëtë	all fingers
gjishtin	finger
gjishtinë	all
gjishtit	finger
gjismat	the parts
gjismë	half
gjismën	the part
gjit	pouring
gjith	entire
gjitha	all
gjithash	foremost
gjithashtu	also
gjithave	ALL of
gjithavet	all of them
gjithçka	everything
gjithçkaje	IT ALL
gjithe	all
gjithë	all
gjithëçdo	everything
gjithëdieguratë	omnivorous
gjithëdijes	omniscience
gjithëkujt	everybody's
gjithëkush	Anyone
gjithëmonë	forever
gjithënjë	all together
gjithënji	all of them
Gjithëpushtetës	Almighty
Gjithëpushtetësi	Omnipotence
gjithëpushtetshëm	omnipotent
gjithëpushtetshmi	Almighty
Gjithëpushtetshmit	Almighty
gjithësecila	each and every
gjithësecilësë	each and every one
gjithesëcili	everyone
gjithësecili	everyone
gjithësecilinë	everyone
gjithësecilit	everyone
gjithësh	whole
gjithësia	UNIVERSE
gjithësinë	UNIVERSE
gjithësisë	universe
gjithëve	all
gjithëvet	all of them
gjithfarë	all kinds of
gjithi	entirely
gjithkujt	to everyone
gjithkush	everyone
gjithmonë	always
gjithnjë	More
gjithsecili	everyone
gjithsecilin	each one
gjithsecilit	to everyone
gjithsej	in total
gjithsekush	everybody
gjithsesi	anyhow
gjithtë	everything
gjiton	neighbor
gjitonë	everyone
gjitonetë	all the people
gjitoni	all
gjitoninë	everyone
gjitontë	all
gjizë	cottage cheese
Gjn	Jn
gjobë	FINES
gjobitet	fined
gjoja	allegedly
gjoks	his chest
gjokset	breasts
gjoksi	breast
gjoksin	breasts
gjoksit	chest
gjoksn	chest
gjoksore	gorget
gjol	long
gjolit	blocks in
Gjon	JOHN
Gjoni	John
Gjonin	John
Gjonit	John
gjorë	poor
Gjq	DC
gjthë	BC
gju	knee
gjuaj	shoot
gjuaja	I shot
gjuajnë	hunt
gjuajtën	shot
gjuajti	fired
gjuajtur	fired
gjuan	hunts
gjuani	shoot
gjuanin	Striking
gjuanjë	hunting
gjuanjënë	the hunt
gjuante	shot
gjuash	shoot
gjuatarëvet	hunters
gjueitnë	hunting
gjueitunë	hunting
gjuejënë	hunting
gjuetarët	hunters
gjuetarëve	hunters
gjuetarit	Hunters
gjuh	language
gjuha	language
gjuhe	LANGUAGES
gjuhë	Languages
gjuhën	LANGUAGE
gjuhëna	language
gjuhënash	tongue
gjuhënat	languages
gjuhënatë	mother tongue
gjuhënavet	languages
gjuhënë	the language
gjuhëra	tongues
gjuhërat	languages
gjuhëratë	language barrier
gjuhëravet	languages
gjuhës	language
gjuhësë	language
gjuhësh	Language
gjuhet	languages
gjuhët	languages
gjuhëtë	languages
gjuhëve	Pairs
gjuhëvet	languages
gjuj	knee
gjukata	, courts
gjukatas	judge
gjukataset	the judge
gjukatasi	judge
gjukatasitë	court cases
gjukatat	, courts
gjukatë	, courts
gjukatës	judge
gjukatësë	court
gjukatëset	the judges
gjukatësi	overseers
gjukatësin	overseers
gjukatësinë	legality
gjukatësit	overseers
gjukatësitë	court cases
gjukim	judgment
gjukimet	judgments
gjukimi	judgment
gjukimin	judgment
gjukiminë	judgment
gjukimit	judgment
gjuko	go to bed
gjukoç	gyukoč
gjukofsh	djukofsh
gjukofsha	village
gjukoftë	may it be
gjukohem	I am judged.
gjukohemi	we are judged
gjukohenë	they are judged
gjukoheni	judge yourself
gjukohesh	you are being judged
gjukoheshim	we were arguing
gjukohetë	gyukohet
gjukohi	gyukohi
gjukoi	judged
gjukoimë	we judge
gjukoj	judge
gjukojë	scold
gjukojëm	we judged
gjukojëmë	judge me
gjukojënë	the gypsy
gjukojmë	we judge
gjukojn	they judge
gjukojsh	judge
gjukon	judge
gjukoneç	gyukonec
gjukonej	gypsy
gjukonem	I judge.
gjukonemi	gynecology
gjukonenë	the gyukon
gjukoneni	you are a fool
gjukonetë	juconets
gjukoni	judge
gjukonia	the law
gjukonie	jukony
gjukonin	they were judging
gjukoninë	the devil
gjukonj	gnats
gjukonjë	kneeling
gjukonjën	the knee
gjukonjënë	the gypsy
gjukonte	judged
gjukova	I was looking for
gjukove	you are welcome
gjukua	the girl
gjukuanë	guquan
gjukuarë	jukuar
gjukue	gyukue
gjukuem	we are judged
gjukuenë	the gyokuen
gjukumë	slang
gjukunë	knee
gjum	sleep
gjumashi	drowsiness
gjumë	sleep
gjumën	sleep
gjumënë	sleep
gjumët	sleeps
gjumi	bedroom
gjumin	sleep
gjumit	SLEEPING
gjunahqarë	sinners
gjunë	worship
gjunj	knees
gjunjë	knees
gjunjët	knees
gjunjëtë	knees
gjunjëve	knees
gjunjëvet	knees
gjunjëzohej	knees
gjunjëzohemi	kneel
gjunjëzohen	knees
gjunjëzoi	crushed
gjunjëzua	knelt
gjunjëzuan	knee
gjunjëzuar	kneeling
gjunjt	knees
gjunjvet	knees
gjuq	judge
gjuqëesë	judge
gjuqëra	jug
gjuqërat	the jugs
gjuqet	the courts
gjuqi	judge
gjuqia	judgment
gjuqin	judge
gjuqit	judges
gjuqn	judge
gjuqnë	in the court
gjuqsë	court
gjurit	knee
gjurma	footprint
gjurmash	traces
gjurmat	footsteps
gjurmatë	footprints
gjurme	trace
gjurmë	TRACKING
gjurmën	mark
gjurmës	route
gjurmët	traces
gjurmëvet	footprints
gjurmuan	tracked
gjurr	grass
gjushenë	tongue
gjusmë	half
gjusmën	half-hearted
gjykata	court
gjykatat	Court
gjykate	court
gjykatë	court
gjykates	THE COURT
gjykatës	Court's
gjykatësë	judge
gjykatësi	JUDGE
gjykatësin	JUDGE
gjykatësit	judges
gjykatësitë	judges
gjykatësve	judges
gjykim	judgment
gjykime	TRIALS
gjykimet	trials
gjykimeve	TRIAL
gjykimi	judgment
gjykimin	JUDGMENT
gjykimit	Resurrection
gjyko	JUDGE
gjykoftë	and judge
gjykohej	tried
gjykohem	judged
gjykohemi	examined
gjykohen	tried
gjykoheni	judged
gjykohesh	judge
gjykoheshim	judged
gjykoheshit	you were judged
gjykohet	tried
gjykoi	judged
gjykoj	judge
gjykojë	judge
gjykojeni	judge him/her
gjykojini	Think very
gjykojmë	judge
gjykojnë	judge
gjykomë	Judge me
gjykon	Holds
gjykonenë	court
gjykonetë	judges
gjykoni	judge
gjykonim	judge
gjykonin	judge
gjykonj	judge
gjykonjç	judge
gjykonjë	court
gjykonte	judge
gjykosh	judge
gjykova	judged
gjykove	judged
gjykua	tried
gjykuan	They tried
gjykuar	judged
gjykuarë	judges
gjykuem	judged
gjykues	COURT
gjykuesi	adjudicator
gjylpanësë	gypsy
gjymës	half-hearted
gjymësa	half-hearted
gjymësë	half
gjymësën	half
gjymësënë	half-sister
gjymësësë	half-hearted
gjymësët	the cripples
gjymëtyrat	limbs
gjymsën	half
gjymtim	mutilation
gjymtime	mutilations
gjymtimit	mutilation
gjymtofshin	cripple
gjymtoheni	cripple yourself
gjymtoheshin	were mutilated
gjymtuar	Disabled
gjymtuarit	handicapped
gjymtyrë	limb
gjymtyrët	limbs
gjymtyrëve	limb
gjynj	June
gjype	hole
gjypetë	meatball
gjypsi	penis
gjyq	court
gjyqe	COURTS
gjyqë	court
gjyqesh	court
gjyqësi	judge
gjyqësinë	JUDICIARY
gjyqësore	TRIAL
gjyqet	Trials
gjyqëtarë	a judicial
gjyqetë	the courts
gjyqeve	COURT
gjyqevet	trials
gjyqi	TRIAL
gjyqin	court
gjyqinë	court
gjyqit	TRIAL
gjyqn	the court
gjyqnë	in court
gjyqt	court
gjyqtar	judge
gjyqtare	JUDGE
gjyqtarë	REFEREES
gjyqtarët	judge
gjyqtarëtë	the judges
gjyqtarëve	judge
gjyqtari	REFEREE
gjyqtarin	judge
gjyqtarit	judge
Gjyryku	bellows
gjysëmë	half
gjysh	grandparent
gjyshe	Grandmothers
gjyshja	grandmother
gjysma	half
gjysmë	half
gjysmëhënat	crescents
gjysmëhënëzave	crescents
gjysmën	half
gjysmës	half
gjysmët	halves
glasash	glass
gllabërohen	devoured
gllabërohet	devoured
gllabëroi	devoured
gllabëroje	engulf
gllabërojë	engulf
gllabërojnë	devour
gllabëron	swallows
gllabëroni	swallow up
gllabëronin	devour
gllabërova	scroll
gllabëruar	devoured
gllabërues	devouring
gllabëruesi	eater
gllabëruesin	devourer
gllënjkë	SIP
gluh	deaf
gluha	deaf
gluhatë	glutton
gluhë	Gluha
gluhëmbajturë	deaf-mute
gluhën	the ear
gluhënë	deaf
gluhëravet	the hooves
gluhësë	listeners
gluhët	the deaf
go	go
Goahut	Goa
Gob	Gob
goca	oyster
gocënë	oyster
godas	strike
godasë	strike
godasësh	Hitting
godasim	strike
godasin	hit
godet	hit
godinave	Facilities
godinë	BUILDING
godisja	year
godisnin	hit
godiste	birthday
godit	hit
godita	smote
godite	enjoy
goditen	hit
goditën	they struck
goditeni	happy
goditesh	afflicted
goditet	Scourge
goditi	to please
goditja	Scourge
goditje	SHOTS
goditjeje	blow
goditjen	STRIKING
goditjënë	hit
goditjes	STRIKE
goditjesh	strikes
goditjet	blow
goditjeve	blow
goditnë	hit
goditni	annual
goditnin	struck
goditnjë	hit one
goditur	hit
godituri	strikes
Goferi	Heifer
Gog	Gog
Gognë	Gogna
Gogu	Gogo
Gogun	Gogun
Gogut	Gog
goj	Goy
goja	MOUTH
gojarisht	orally
gojat	gojat
gojavet	gojavet
goje	goje
gojë	ORAL
gojëhapur	spellbound
gojëkeq	A talkative
gojëkeqit	anyone who talks
gojëmbajturë	silent
gojën	mouth
gojënë	mouth
gojës	mouth
gojëse	mouth
gojësë	mouth
gojët	mouths
gojëtar	rhetorician
gojëtari	eloquence
gojëve	mouth
gojëzë	mouth
gol	goal
gola	naked
Golanënë	Golan Heights
Golani	thugs
Golanin	Golan Heights
golë	Gole
golën	Gole
golënë	the lake
golës	goalie
golësë	goal scorer
golët	goals
Golgota	Golgotha
Golgotës	Golgotha
Golgotha	Golgotha
Goliath	Goliath
Goliathit	Goliathit
Gollgotha	Gollgotha
Gollgothait	Gollgothait
gomar	donkey
gomare	gomare
gomarë	donkeys
gomareje	gomarej
gomaren	gomaren
gomarenë	donkey
gomares	gomares
gomaresë	donkey
gomarësë	donkeys
gomarësh	asses
gomaret	gomaret
gomarët	donkeys
gomarëtë	donkeys
gomarëve	ass
gomarëvet	donkeys
gomari	donkey
gomarica	gomarica
gomaricave	ass
gomaricë	jennet
gomaricën	ass
gomaricës	ass
gomarin	the donkey
gomarinë	the donkey
gomarit	donkey
Gomeren	Gomeren
Gomeri	Gomer
Gomerin	Gomer
Gomerit	Gomer
Gomora	Gomora
Gomorat	Gomorrah
Gomoravet	Gomoravet
Gomorë	Gomorrah
Gomorën	Gomorrah
Gomorës	Gomorrah
Gomorësë	Gomorrah
Gomorra	Gomorrah
Gomorrat	Gomorrah
Gomorratë	Gomorrah
Gomorravet	Gomorrah
Gomorrën	Gomorrah
Gomorrënë	Gomorrah
Gomorrës	Gomorrah
Gomorrësë	Gomorrah
gomorritë	donkeys
Gomorvet	Gomorrah
goshdëvet	nails
Goshen	Goshen
Gosheni	Goshen
Goshenit	Goshen
goshtëvet	meatballs
gostë	guest
gosti	guests
gostia	feast
gostinë	feast
gostira	liked
gostirra	likes it
gostisë	feast
gostit	gostit
gostitë	feast
gostitenë	restaurant
gostitetë	treats
gostiti	to host
gota	drop
gotash	Gotash
gotat	the glasses
gotave	glasses
gotë	CUP
govata	cow
govatatë	gourd
Gozanë	Gozana
Gozanin	Gozanin
Gozanit	Gozanit
gozhda	year
gozhdë	nail
gozhdënë	nail
gozhdët	nails
gozhdëve	nail
gozhdoj	gozhds
gozhdonte	gozhdonte
gozhduan	fastened
gozhduat	you nailed
Gozon	Gozon
gra	game
grabisë	rob
grabit	hurried
grabitë	rob
grabiten	looted
grabitën	looted
grabitësish	raiders
grabitësit	looters
grabitësve	robbers
grabitin	rob
grabitja	robbery
grabitje	robbery
grabitjë	robber
grabitjen	robbery
grabitjet	looting
grabitqar	predatory
grabitqarë	predator
grabitqarin	greedy
grabitur	robbed
gracka	trap
grackat	pitfalls
grackave	Traps
grackë	trap
grackën	trap
gradoi	degree
grafullojë	overflow
grafullojnë	overflow
grahma	Gasp
gram	gram
Gramamtikotë	Grammar school
gramatejtë	grammatians
Gramatikotë	Grammarians
gramma	gramma
Grammaejtë	Grammar
Grammatei	Grammar
grammatej	grammates
Grammatejt	Grammar
grammatejtë	grammarians
grammatepsurë	gram weight
grammatepsuri	gramme
Grammatepsurit	Gram tape measure
grammatepsuritë	weight
grammati	literate
grammatiko	grammarian
grammatikoi	grammarian
grammatikotë	grammarian
grammatikovet	grammarian
grammatit	grammar
grammë	gram
grammësë	gram
grash	WOMEN
grasht	WOMEN
grashti	woman
grashtin	leave
grashtit	the women
grat	grat
gratë	women
grathore	grathore
grathoren	grating ears
grave	grave
gravet	dug
grazatë	beautiful
grazhd	crib
grazhdi	grazhdi
grazhdin	grazhdin
grazhdit	grazhdit
grek	GReek
greke	Greek
grekë	Greek
grekësh	Greeks
grekët	GREEKS
Grekëtë	Greeks
grekëve	Greeks
Grekëvet	The Greeks
Greku	Gentile
grekun	Greek
Grekunë	Greek
grekut	Gentile
gremia	committees
gremin	Grameen
gremina	pits
greminat	clefts
greminatë	abyss
gremine	abyss
greminë	precipice
gremis	guilds
gremiseç	gremiseç
grëmisëj	dig
grëmisëja	the digger
gremisetë	abyss
gremisi	stumble
gremisje	committees
gremisjëmë	let's go down
gremisjënë	abyss
gremisnë	collapse
gremisurat	measures the waist
gremisurë	cliff
gremisurit	he/she/it walks
grep	grip
grepa	Hooks
grepat	seized
grepatë	hook
grepin	hook
Greqi	Greece
Greqia	Greece
Greqisë	GREECE
greqisht	Greek
Greqishtarët	The Greeks
Greqishtarëtë	The Greeks
Greqishte	Greek
greqishtfolës	hellenophones
grerat	gred
grerëza	hornets
grerëzat	wasps
grerëzatë	wasps
gresh	Gresh
gresta	they are going
grethash	grethash
gricmë	grain
grigja	grieving
grigjë	flock
grigjën	fold
grigjës	fold
grigjësë	flock
grigjit	the greyhounds
grikë	wheat
grilë	grille
grilën	grating
grilës	shutter
grime	grime
grimë	bit
grimesë	particle
grimet	grimet
grimëzë	particle
grin	grin
grind	grind
grindavec	peevish
grindavece	grindavece
grinden	the gate
grindën	squabbled
grindeni	contend
grindesh	contend
grindeshin	arguing
grindeshinë	the quarrel
grindet	quarrel
grindja	Fallout
grindje	contention
grindjen	contention
grindjes	contention
grindjesh	contention
grindjet	contention
grindjeve	contention
grindni	grindni
grindur	frame
grinë	gray
griq	griq
griqën	they gnaw
griqësë	gnat
griqit	Greeks
griqn	griqn
griqnë	in Greek
grirë	minced
gris	gray
grisa	gray
grise	gray
grisën	rent
griseshin	griseshin
griset	gray
grisha	gray
grishur	grishur
grishurit	grishurit
grisi	grease
grisim	grisim
grisja	gauze
grisni	Tear
grisnin	tear
grisur	Deleted
grisura	torn
gromësin	they dig
grop	PIT
gropa	HOLE
gropat	PITS
gropate	pit
gropatë	pothole
grope	grope
gropë	pit
gropën	pit
gropës	pit
gropësë	pits
gropësinat	the pits
gropësinatë	pit
gropësinë	hollowness
gropësinën	the hollowness
gropësinët	hollowness
gropësiratë	pit
gropësirën	the pit
gropësirët	the diggers
gropët	the pits
groporeja	grave
groporet	groporet
groposen	buried
groposi	buried
grremça	guild
grremçat	gremçat
gru	gru
grua	woman
gruaj	woman
gruaja	wife
gruaje	woman
gruan	the woman
gruanë	the woman
gruas	woman
gruasë	Women
grue	horror
grueja	Gruen
grueje	horror
gruejë	woman
gruen	gruen
gruenë	woman
grues	cranes
gruesë	woman
gruja	wife
grumbuj	heaps
grumbujt	heaps
grumbull	heap
grumbulla	heap
grumbullë	pile
grumbulli	cluster
grumbullim	collection
grumbullimin	collection
grumbullin	pile
grumbullit	pile
grumbullo	Gather
grumbullohen	huddle
grumbulloheshin	gather
Grumbullohuni	gather
grumbulloi	collected
grumbulloj	gather
grumbulloje	gather
grumbullojë	gather
grumbullojnë	gather
grumbullon	collects
grumbulloni	Gather
grumbullonin	piling
grumbullonj	pile up
grumbullonjç	pile up
grumbullosh	heap
grumbullova	gathered
grumbullove	stored
grumbulluan	COLLECTED
grumbulluanë	they gathered
grumbulluar	assembling
grumbulluem	we gathered
grun	suspicion
grunar	suspect
grunarë	barn
grunarët	barn
grunarëtë	women's clothing
grunarin	the suspect
grunart	suspicious
grunë	Grunt
grunët	the ground
gruni	suspicion
grunin	grunin
gruninë	grunt
grunit	grunt
grup	group
grupe	groups
grupet	group
grupeve	group
grupi	GROUP
grupime	Viewing
grupimet	grouping
grupimeve	groups
grupin	GRouP
grur	grur
grurë	wheat
grurët	wheat
grurëtë	grains
gruri	wheat
grurin	wheat
grurinë	wheat
grurit	wheat
grusë	Grus
grusht	punch
grushta	punches
grushtat	fists
grushte	mill
grushtin	fist
gryka	Gorge
grykat	gorges
grykavet	gorges
gryke	gorge
grykë	jaws
grykëderdhjen	the estuary
grykëderdhjes	mouth
grykën	GORGE
grykës	greedy
grykësë	throat
grykësi	gourmand
grykësia	greediness
grykësit	gluttons
grykësitë	gluttony
grykësve	gluttons
grykët	tonsillitis
guacë	guava
guaska	abalone
guciç	gucic
gucit	gucit
gucitë	the guci
guciteç	guicetic
gucitej	gucitej
gucitenë	gucitene
gucitetë	gucite
guciti	to gulp
gucitjë	gucitje
gucitjëmë	let's go
gucitjënë	gucitjëna
gucitnë	gucitne
gucitni	goslings
guciturë	guciture
gucojshinë	gossip
Gudgodah	Gudgodah
Gudgodahu	The Governor
Gudgodahut	Gudgodahut
gudulisin	tickle
gudulisur	itching
gudulisurë	tickle
gufojë	welling
gufojnë	overflow
gufon	spurt
gufuese	gufuese
gulçim	panting
gulçime	shortness of breath
gulçimi	grunting
gulçoj	gulcoj
gulçojnë	they are panting
gulçon	gulcon
gumëzhijnë	hum
guna	use
gunën	cloak
gunënë	fault
gungaçi	gungachi
Guni	Guni
Gunit	Grip
gunitëve	Gunites
gur	that
gurë	STONE
gurëcoi	stoned
gurëconetë	pebbles
gurëconi	stone
gurëcuarë	stoned
gurësh	stone
gurët	STONES
gurëtë	stones
gurëve	stone
gurëvet	the stones
gurgdhendës	stonemason
gurgdhendësit	masons
gurgdhendësve	stonemasons
gurgulluar	brook
guri	house
gurin	desire
gurinë	rocky ground
gurishta	gurishta
gurishtat	stony
gurishte	stony
gurishtë	rocky ground
gurit	STONE
gurmast	gourmand
gurmaz	will not build
gurmazi	gourmet
gurmazin	I will not.
gurmazit	gurmazite
gurore	QUARRY
gurra	ear
gurrat	founts
gurratë	gurgle
gurrë	rill
gurrës	Gurra
gurrësë	stone
gurrësh	rill
gurret	rill
gurrët	rill
gurrmast	gurrmast
gurrmazi	gurrmazi
gurt	belt
gurta	Gurt
gurtatë	stoner
gurtë	stones
gurvernatorit	governor
gushën	crop
gushore	to sink
guva	gained
guvat	guava
guvë	cave
guverënisë	governorship
guvernator	governor
guvernatorë	governors
guvernatorëve	governor
guvernatori	GOVERNOR
guvernatorinë	governorship
guvernatorit	GOvERNOR
guverni	governments
guvernia	government
guvernin	governess
guvernisë	governess
guvernohenë	are governed
guvernojë	govern
guvernojënë	governess
guvernon	governess
guvernor	the governor
guvernorë	governor
guvernorëvet	governors
guvernori	governors
guvernorin	governor
guvernuem	we govern
guvernuer	governor
guverrnuari	governor
guxim	COURAGE
guximi	COURAGE
guximin	COURAGE
guximit	courage
guximshëm	courageous
guximtar	BRAVE
guximtarë	courageous
guxoi	dared
guxoj	dare
guxoja	dare
guxojë	dare
guxojëmë	dare me
guxojënë	courage
guxojmë	We must
guxon	dare
guxonin	dURST
guxonte	dare
guxuan	durst
guxuar	dared
guxuarë	brave
guzitej	guzitej
h	h
ha	ha
Haamoni	Haamoni
Haaralothit	Haarloth
Habajahut	Habajahut
Habakuk	Habakkuk
Habaziniahut	Habazziniah
haber	have
habere	to have
haberet	would have
haberi	news
habi	weaving
habia	there was
habie	horror
habisni	surprised
habiste	surprise
habit	habit
habiten	they inhabit
habitën	astonished
habitenë	surprised
habitesh	HABITAT
habiteshin	astonished
habiteshinë	they were surprised
habitet	HABITAT
habitët	HABITAT
habitnë	surprise
habitni	surprised
habitshme	surprising
habitunë	surprise
habituni	to wear
habitunit	dressed
habitur	surprised
habitura	will have
habiturë	surprised
Habor	Habor
Haborin	Haborin
haç	cross
Hadabi	Hadabi
Hadadezeri	Hadadezer
Hadadezerin	Hadadezerin
Hadadezerit	Hadadezer
Hadadi	Hadad
Hadadin	Hadadin
Hadadit	Hadadit
Hadadrimonit	Hadadrimonite
Hadah	Thank you
Hadarezeri	Hadarezeri
Hadarezerin	Hadarezerin
Hadarezerit	Hadarezerit
Hadari	Storm
Hadasahun	Hadasahun
Hadashahu	The Hadashahu
Hadattahu	Hadattahu
haddoni	Haddon
Hadedezeri	Hadedezeri
Hadedezerit	Hadedezerite
hadëm	hadem
Hades	Hades
Hadesi	Hadesi
Hadesit	Hadesit
hadhi	status
hadhit	hadith
Hadid	Hadid
Hadidit	Hadid
Hadlait	Hadlait
Hadonit	Hadonite
Hadorami	Hadorami
Hadoramin	Hadoramin
Hadrakut	Hadraku
Hadshabiahut	Hadshabiahut
hae	home
haena	heena
haenë	eat
Haetselit	Haesel
Hafaraim	Goodbye
Hafthorimëtë	Hafthorimah
Hagab	Hagab
Hagabahut	Hagabahut
Hagabas	Hagabas
Hagabit	Will
Hagai	Haggai
Hagara	Hagar
hagarenët	Hagarenes
hagarenëve	Hagrites
Hagarës	Hagar
Hagarianëtë	The Hagarians
hagaritët	the Hagarenes
Hagariti	Hagaritis
Haggi	Haggi
Haghiah	Haghiah
Haghithit	Haghith
Hagi	Go
Hagidgad	Hagidgad
Hagidgadi	Hagidgadi
hagitëve	Haggites
Hagithit	Hagithit
hagrëçim	Greek
Hagrit	Hagrit
hahei	full
hahem	hahem
hahen	eaten
hahenë	eaten
haheni	oh my
hahesh	hahesh
haheshin	haheshin
haheshinë	were eating
hahet	eating
hahetë	eating
hahi	church
Hahirothi	Hahiroth
hahirothit	hahirothit
hai	two
Haiami	It doesn't work.
haide	Come on
Haideni	My Haiden
haie	hedge
haij	talk
haijn	hay
haijnë	they eat
Hail	Hail
haj	hair
haja	need
hajat	wish
hajati	Hayati
hajatit	porch
hajde	Come on
hajdeni	Come
hajdut	BURGLAR
hajdutë	thieves
hajdutësh	robbers
hajdutët	thieves
hajdutëve	thieves
hajduti	The thief
haje	came
hajë	provender
hajeni	Eat
haji	pilgrimage
hajinë	thief
hajmalitë	charms
hajn	thief
hajnë	are eating
hajshin	hajshin
hajshinë	scum
Hajt	Drive
hajte	hurry
hak	right
haka	so
Hakaliahut	Hakaliahut
Hakatas	Started
hakë	meed
Hakeldama	Hakeldama
hakënë	hakka
Hakeremit	Hacker
hakërrohej	wroth
hakërruar	wrathful
Hakilahut	Hakilahut
hakmarrë	avenge
hakmarrës	vindictive
hakmarrësi	avenger
hakmarrësit	Avengers
hakmarrësve	avenger
hakmarrja	revenge
hakmarrje	revenge
hakmarrjeje	revenge
hakmarrjen	retaliation
hakmarrjes	RETALIATION
hakmarrjeve	vengeance
hakmerrem	requite
hakmerremi	Retribution
hakmerreni	revenge
hakmerresh	vengeance
hakmerreshin	revenge
hakmerret	revenge
hakmerrni	avenge
Hakmerruni	vengeance
Hakmonit	Hakmons
Hakmoniti	Hakmonite
Hakore	No problem
Hakotsi	Hakots
Hakotsit	Hakotsit
hakrep	hack
hakrepëna	revenge
Hakufas	Hakufas
hakun	Huck
hakut	Haqq
hala	yes
Halah	Halah
Halak	Pisces
Haldevet	Half-dead
Haldhevet	Halved
halënë	moon
Halhuli	Halhuli
halik	kiss
Halin	The situation
haliqë	haliki
hall	hall
halla	slope
Hallahënë	Hello Monday
Hallahësë	Hallah
hallakati	destruction
hallakatja	destroyer
Halldheet	Halldheet
Halldhejt	Blackberries
Halldhejtë	Blackberries
Halldhenjet	The holidays
Halldhevet	Hallheved
halle	halle
hallet	misery
halleve	scrape
halli	gray
Hallnea	Hallnea
Halloheshi	Hello
Hallqidhon	Hallqidhon
hallvanë	marshmallows
Haloheshit	Hello heshit
halqedon	single
Haltseroth	Haltseroth
ham	also
Haman	Haman
Hamani	Haman
Hamanin	Haman
Hamanit	Hamanite
Hamatësë	Hamath
Hamath	Hamath
Hamatha	Hamatha
hamathenjtë	the Hamathens
Hamathësë	Hamath
Hamathi	Hamath
Hamathia	Hamathia
Hamathin	Hamathin
Hamathit	Hamathit
hambar	bland
hambarë	barns
hambarët	granary
hambari	barn
hambarin	to taste
hamë	EAT
Hamedathas	Hamedathas
hamës	eater
Hami	All
Hamit	Hamid
Hamoleketh	Hamoleketh
Hamon	Challenge
Hamonahu	Hamonahu
Hamonin	Hamonin
Hamonit	Hammon
Hamor	Hamor
Hamori	Hamor
Hamorin	To restore
Hamorit	Hamorite
Hamoth	Hamoth
hamshorë	stallions
Hamuel	Hamuel
Hamuli	Hamuli
hamulitëve	Hamulites
Hamulli	Hamulli
Hamurabit	Hammurabi
Hamutal	Hamutal
han	he
hana	work
Hanaanësë	Canaanite
Hanaani	Hanani
Hanaanit	Hananit
Hanaanite	Hananite
Hanaaniteje	Hanaaniteje
Hanaanitët	Canaanites
Hanaanitëtë	The Canaanites
Hanaanitëve	Canaanites
Hanaanitëvet	The Canaanites
Hanaaniti	Hananiti
Hanaanitin	Hanaanitin
Hanai	Feeding
Hanaiishte	Hanaiishte
Hanainahu	Hanainahu
Hanait	Hanait
Hanameeli	Hanameli
Hanameelit	Honeysuckle
Hanan	Hanan
Hananea	Hananee
Hananeelit	Cock anels
Hananeje	Hananiah
Hanani	Hanani
Hanania	Hananiah
Hananiah	Hananiah
Hananiahu	Hananiahu
Hananiahun	Hananiahun
Hananiahut	Hananiahut
Hananiaishte	Hananiashte
Hananin	Hanan
Hananisë	Hananias
Hananit	Hananit
Hanathonit	Hanathonite
hanë	eat
hanën	Hannah
hanënë	hanënë
Hanes	History
hanësë	diner
hangër	eaten
hangërshi	diner
hangërt	hungry
hangra	to sound
hangre	to sound
hangrë	diner
hangrëm	we eat
hangrën	the diner
hangrëshi	hunger
hangrëshim	hunger
hangrët	diners
hangrëtë	diner
hangri	hungry
hani	where is it
Haniel	Haniel
hanim	hanim
hanin	EAT
haninë	the inn
hanit	HANI
Hanohu	Hanuman
hanokitëve	Reuben
Hanoku	Hanoku
hante	haunted
hantej	hantej
Hanun	Hand
Hanuni	Hanuni
Hanunin	Hanunin
Hanunit	Hanunit
hanxhiut	the innkeeper
hap	hap
hapa	here
hapash	steps
hapat	steps
hapatë	steps
hapave	STEPS
hapç	pill
hape	again
hapë	DISCLOSE
hapej	opened
hapëm	opened
hapen	OPENED
hapën	opened
hapenë	open
hapërdahen	spread apart
hapërdante	wide-open
hapërdarë	sparse
hapësh	open
hapeshin	opened
hapësin	opener
hapësira	space
hapësirat	FACILITIES
hapësirave	Realms
hapësire	space
hapësirë	ROOM
hapësirën	SPACE
hapësirës	space
hapet	OPEN
hapët	clear
hapëta	overtly
hapetë	overtly
hapëtë	open
hapëti	unfortunately
hapi	STEP
hapim	open
hapin	STEP
hapini	Open the
hapish	prison
Hapitsetsi	Print
hapja	aperture
hapje	snack
hapjë	aperture
hapjeje	openness
hapjen	oPENING
hapjënë	open
hapjes	snacks
hapm	breath
Hapma	Sour
Hapmi	Happi
hapna	hapna
hapnë	Open the
hapni	OPEN
hapnin	open
hapnit	hapnit
hapnjë	opening
hapsana	get locked up
hapsanë	open space
hapsanënë	space
hapsanëra	space
hapsanësë	space
hapset	imprison
hapsh	hapsh
hapsosurë	open
hapsosuritë	spaces
haptas	openly
haptazi	IN PUBLIC
hapte	open
haptë	open
haptinë	haptic
Hapu	Family
hapua	pregnant
Hapuk	Half
hapun	to eat
hapunë	open
hapuni	hapuni
hapur	OPEN
hapura	OPEN
hapurë	open
hapurit	hapurit
Hara	Hara
harabela	harabe
harabeli	passerine
haraç	tribute
haraçe	tribute
haraçet	tribute
haraçetë	tribute
haraçin	tribute
haraçit	tributary
haraçnë	tribute
haraçpagues	haraçpagues
Haradah	Haradah
Haradahut	Haradahut
Harahsit	Harahsit
haraktiri	character
Harami	Ban
Haran	Haran
Haranë	Harana
Harani	Harani
Haranin	Haranin
Haranit	Haranit
Harari	Harari
hararitit	hararitit
Harbonahu	Harbonnahu
Harbonan	Harbonan
hardhi	vine
hardhia	vine
hardhiat	vine
hardhiatë	vines
hardhinë	vine
hardhisë	vine
hardhit	vine
hardhitë	the vines
hardhje	lizard
hardhuca	lizard
hare	hare
Harefi	Harefi
hareja	gaiety
hareje	cheers
harenë	cheerfulness
Hareseth	Hareseth
Haresethit	Haresethit
hareshënë	good morning
hareshethësë	joyous
hareshme	Cheerful
hargje	hedge
hargjet	hargeit
hargjevet	has given
hargunë	hedge
Harhajahut	Harhajahut
Harhurit	Harhuris
hari	day
Harifi	Harifi
Harifit	Harifit
Harimi	Harim
Harimit	Harimit
harinjë	harina
harit	Hari
hark	he/she
harkëtarë	archers
harkëtarët	archers
harkëtarëve	archers
Harkëtorët	Archers
harkorëvet	archers
harkt	harkt
harku	fork
harkuar	curved
harkun	bow
harkunë	arch
harkut	arc
harlisej	lush
harlisur	lush
Harmeferi	Harmeferi
Harmon	Harmon
harmoni	harmony
harmonia	harmony
Harnonit	Harnonite
Harodi	Harodi
Harodit	Harods
Haroehin	Haroehin
haroi	soap
haroj	hair
harojë	lose the
harokopitë	the harocopy
haroni	harmonica
haronjç	haronjç
haronjënë	haronje
Harori	Harori
Harosheth	Harosheth
Haroshethi	Haroshethi
harpa	harp
harpash	harpash
harpat	harps
harpave	harpave
harpe	harp
harpë	harp
harpën	the harp
harpës	harpist
harpistët	harpers
harpistëve	harpers
harqe	arches
harqet	arches
Harran	Harran
Harrani	Harrani
harraq	hararak
harresë	oblivion
harresës	forgetfulness
harri	stone
harriftë	clever
harrijmë	we forget
harrimë	forgetfulness
harrimit	forgetting
harrin	harry
harrinë	forget
harrinim	harrinim
harrinj	harrinj
harrinjç	stone
harrinjë	forgetfulness
harrinjënë	forgetfulness
harrinte	harrinte
harrita	surprised
harrite	rock
harritë	forget
harritnë	forget it
harriturë	amazed
harriu	harry
harriva	evening
harro	proud
harrofsh	harrofsh
harrofsha	forget-me-not
harrofshinë	oblivion
harroft	harroft
harroftë	he remember
harrohen	forgotten
harrohet	forgotten
harroi	forgot
harroishim	we forgot
harroj	forget
harroje	forget
harrojë	forget
harrojënë	forget-me-not
harrojmë	forget
harrojnë	forget
harrojsh	forget
harron	Neglects
harronesh	forget
harronetë	forget-me-not
harroni	FORGET
harronim	to forget
harronj	forget
harronjç	forget-me-not
harronjë	forget it
harronjënë	forget-me-not
harronte	forgot
harrosh	forget
harrova	I forgot
harrove	forgot
harruam	forgot
harruan	forgot
harruanë	they forgot
harruar	forgetting
harruara	NEGLECTED
harruarë	forgotten
harruatë	forgotten
harruem	forgotten
harruenë	forgotten
harruetë	forget-me-not
harrumë	forget
harrunë	forget
Harsha	Harsha
Harshas	Harshas
hartojë	DEVELOPING
hartojnë	design
hartosh	hartosh
hartuar	DONE
hartuara	DESIGNED
haruanë	forgotten
haruara	most deprived
haruarë	forgotten
Harufi	Letters
Harumafit	Aromafit
Harumit	fragrant
harupat	harupat
harusha	find bears
harushësë	forget-me-nots
Harutsit	Harutsit
harxh	harxh
harxhoç	spendthrift
harxhohen	spent
harxhoi	spent
harxhojnë	waste
harxhosh	spend
harxhuar	Unscrew
hasa	especially
Hasadiahu	Hasadiah
Hasedi	Hasedi
hasëm	We encountered
hasën	FACED
Hasenahit	Hasenahit
hash	hash
Hashabia	Hashabia
Hashabiahu	Hashabiah
Hashabiahun	Hashabiahun
Hashabiahut	Hashabiah
Hashabnahu	Hashabnah
Hashabnejahu	Hashabnejahu
Hashabnejahut	Hashabneiah
Hashahari	Hashahari
Hashbadana	Hashbadana
Hashemit	Hashem
Hashmonah	Hashmonah
Hashmonahu	Hashmonahu
Hashshubi	Hashshubi
Hashshubit	Hashshubit
Hashubahu	Hashubahu
Hashubi	Hashubi
Hashumi	Hashumi
Hashumit	Ha'shum
hasi	start
hasin	virtue
Haslluhimëtë	The Hasluhims
hasmëret	enemies
hasmëri	enmity
hasmërit	enemies
hasmëritë	enmities
hasnë	encounter
hasnin	faced
Hasrathit	Hasrathit
Hasshubi	Hasshubi
Hasshubit	Hasshubit
haste	haste
Hasufas	Hasufas
hasunë	hasun
hata	even
Hataavah	Haḍāvah
Hataavahu	Hatavahu
Hataavau	Hatavau
hatashme	awesome
hatër	sake
hatërë	hat
Hathaku	Hathaku
Hathakun	Hathakun
Hathakut	Hathakut
Hathathi	No, no.
Hatifas	Hatifas
Hatilit	Half
Hatitas	Hatitas
hatrin	sake
Hatsar	Accident
Hatsarenon	Beautiful
Hatsarmavethi	Hatsarmavethi
Hatsatson	Hatsatson
Hatsebaimit	Hatshepsut
Hatselelponi	The ponytail
Hatserhatikoni	Hatzerhatikoni
Hatseroth	Hatseroth
Hatserothi	Hatzeroth
Hatserothit	Hatserothit
Hatsor	Hatsor
Hatsori	Hatsori
Hatsorin	Hatsorin
Hatsorit	Hatsorit
Hatsroit	Hatsright
hattaavah	hattavah
Hatushi	We don't know.
Hauranin	Hauranin
Hauranit	Hauran
hauz	pool
hauze	hauze
hauzi	you are not
hauzin	you don't know
hauzit	hausite
havan	relative
Havilahu	Havilah
Havilahut	Havilahut
Havillahu	Havillahu
Havillahut	Havillahut
havoth	havoth
Haxhi	pilgrim
haxineja	haxina
Hazaeli	Hazael
Hazaelin	Hazaelin
Hazaelit	Hazael
Hazajahut	Hazaiah
hazër	Haser
Hazerothit	Hazerothit
Hazieli	Haziel
hazine	treasure
hazinea	to the treasury
hazineja	to the treasury
hazinet	treasure
Hazm	Digestion
hazmër	hazer
hazmërit	Hazmiri
hazmëritë	jokes
hazmi	digest
hazminë	hazel
Hazoi	Hazoi
Hazonë	Hazon
Hazrikamit	Hazrikamite
he	he
heb	have
Heberi	Heber
Heberin	Heberin
Heberit	Heberit
heberitëve	Hebrews
hebr	Hebrew
hebraik	Hebrew
hebraike	HEBREW
hebraisht	Hebrew
hebraishte	Hebrew
Hebraishtesë	Hebrew
hebraishtfolës	Hebrew-speaking
hebre	Jewish
Hebreishte	Hebreishte
Hebrej	Jewish
hebreje	Jewish
Hebrejkë	Hebrew
Hebrejt	Jews
hebrenj	Jewish
hebrenjtë	Jews
hebrenjve	Jewish
Hebresh	Hebresh
hebreu	Hebrew
hebreut	Hebrews
Hebrevet	Hebrew
Hebroit	Hebron
Hebron	Hebron
Hebrona	Hebron
Hebronësë	Hebron
Hebroni	Hebron
Hebronin	Hebron
Hebronit	Hebron
hebronitët	Hebronites
hebronitëve	Hebronites
heçim	I am tired.
hedh	REJECTS
hedhë	shed
hedhem	hedhem
hedhëmë	we threw
hedhënë	thrown
hedhësh	throw
hedhi	menstruation
hedhim	REJECT
hedhimë	we throw
hedhin	throw
hedhinë	throw
hedhish	hedhish
hedhja	PLACING
hedhjë	throw
hedhshin	hedhshin
hedhtë	interpolates
hedhun	throw
hedhunë	thrown
hedhunitë	the Hedhunites
hedhur	DISCARD
hedhuravet	garbage
hedhurë	thrown
Hefer	Hepher
Heferi	Hepher
Heferin	Heferin
Heferit	Hepherit
heferitëve	Hepherites
Hegai	Hegai
Hegait	Hegait
hei	yes
heja	cheer
hekunë	iron
hekur	iron
hekura	grate
hekurash	iron
hekurat	lattice
hekuratë	iron
hekurave	bars
hekuravet	rails
hekurë	hekurë
hekuri	iron
hekurin	the iron
hekurinë	iron
hekurishtë	iron
hekurishtënë	iron house
hekurit	iron
hekurt	iron
hekurta	iron
hekurtë	iron
Helahën	Helah
Helahës	Helah
Helam	Helam
Helbahut	Hellbaht
Helbonit	Helbonit
Heldai	Heldai
Helebi	Hellebore
Heleci	Heleci
Heledi	Find
Helefi	Hello
helekitëve	Helekites
Heleku	Address
Helekut	Helect
Helem	Helium
helëm	Helem
Helemin	Helem's
helenistët	Grecians
helenistëve	Grecians
Heletsi	Hello
Heletsit	Hello
Heliut	Heliut
Helkai	Helkai
Helkathin	Helkathin
hell	hell
helm	helm
helmatisur	helmatisur
helmëcira	poison
helmetë	helmet
helmevet	poisons
helmi	pearl
helmim	poisoning
helmimi	POISONING
helmimin	poisoning
helmin	pearl
helmit	poison
helmofça	helmofça
helmohej	poisoned
helmoheshinë	were poisoned
helmoi	poisoned
helmojënë	poison
helmojsh	poison
helmonej	helmetonej
helmonejnë	poison
helmonemi	helmetmonemi
helmonenë	helmets
helmoneni	helmets
helmoneshim	helmoneshim
helmonetë	helminth
helmoni	helmetoni
helmonishnë	hellomonishnë
helmova	helmova
helmua	poisoned
helmuanë	poisonous
helmuar	poisoned
helmuarë	poisoned
helmuaret	poisoned
helmuarët	the poisoned
helmuaritë	poisons
helmuatë	poisonous
helmuem	poisoned
helmues	poisonous
helmuese	Toxin
helmuetë	helmet
Helonit	Helons
Hem	Both
Hemami	Hemami
Heman	Same
Hemani	Heman
Hemanin	Heman
Hemanit	Hemanit
Hemdani	Hamdani
Hemorit	Hemorrhoids
hemorragji	hemorrhage
hemorragjia	BLEEDING
Hemorragjiaishte	Hemorrhoids
hemorroide	hemorrhoids
hemorroidesh	hemorrhoids
hemorroidet	tumors
hemorroideve	tumors
hën	MON
Hena	Meat
hëna	MOON
Henadadit	Henadadit
Henadat	Henadat
Henas	Hen
hënash	moon
hënat	moons
hënave	Mondays
hendek	ditch
hendeku	GAP
hendeqet	gaps
hënë	MONDAY
hënën	MONDAY
hënënë	the moon
hënës	MONDAY
hënësë	moon
hënëza	lunette
hënëzat	crescents
hënëzatë	moonlit
Hënëzë	lunette
hënëzësë	crescent moon
hëngën	Hengen
hëngr	hengr
hëngra	eat
hëngre	ate
hëngrë	ate
hëngrëçi	glutton
hëngrëm	ate
hëngrën	ate
hëngrëshinë	gluttony
hëngrët	eaten
hëngrëtë	eat
hëngri	ATE
hëngrrë	eat
Henin	Henin
hepat	liver
heq	REMOVES
heqç	right
heqçinë	the shoe
heqë	STRIKE
heqëjë	remove
heqëjnë	remove
heqën	STRIKE
heqënë	they removed
heqësh	remove
heqësi	The stain remover
heqësit	clavicular
heqim	remove
heqin	Lift
heqinë	removal
heqja	Removing
heqjë	resection
heqjënë	remove
heqjes	Waiver
heqsh	heqsh
heqshinë	loss
heqtë	Heqt
hequn	hequn
hequna	hequna
hequnë	removed
hequnitë	the dead
hequr	REMOVE
hequratë	remove it
hequrë	off
hequrit	those dismissed
hera	hera
Herani	Herani
herash	herash
Herbonit	Herbonite
herdhe	gonad
herdhet	testicles
here	here
herë	TIMES
herën	time
herënë	Herent
Heres	Heres
herës	quotient
herësë	time
Hereshi	Heresy
herëshim	sometimes
herëshime	times
herëshimvet	sometimes
heresia	heresy
Heresin	Here's
Heresit	Heresit
heret	early
herët	EARLY
Herethit	Heredity
heretik	heretic
herezi	heresy
heriet	heriet
Hermanit	Herman
Hermasin	Hermas
Hermes	Hermes
Hermesiishte	Hermesiishte
Hermesin	Hermes
Hermeut	Hermeut
Hermogeni	Hermogenes
Hermogjeni	Hermogenes
Hermon	Hermon
Hermoni	Hermon
Hermonijmit	Hermonijmit
Hermoninë	Hermonia
Hermonit	Hormones
hero	hero
Herod	Herod
Herodi	Herod
Herodiada	Herodias
Herodiadaishte	Herodias
Herodiadënë	Herodias
Herodiadës	Herodias
Herodiadësë	Herodias
herodianë	Herod's
Herodianësh	Herodians
herodianët	Herod
Herodianëtishin	Herodians were
Herodin	Herod
Herodinë	Herodias
Herodionin	Herodion
Herodionit	Herodion
Herodit	Herod
heroi	hero
heronj	heroes
heronjtë	heroes
hërritnë	in the morning
hershëm	EARLY
hershme	eaRly
Heruvimitë	Cherubim
Hesed	Hesed
Heshbon	Heshbon
Heshbona	Heshbona
Heshbonë	Heshbon
Heshbonësë	Heshbon
Heshboni	Heshbon
Heshbonin	Heshbonin
Heshbonit	Heshbon
Heshebon	Heshbon
Heshmoni	Heshmon
hesht	be silent
heshta	Shaft
heshtat	spearsshut 
heshte	up
heshtë	pike
heshtëm	we remained silent
heshtën	spear
heshtësh	silent
heshti	pausing
heshtin	pausing
heshtja	silence
heshtje	silence
heshtjes	silence
heshtni	Begone
heshtnin	silent
heshtnit	silent
heshtte	silence
heshtur	silent
Hesromi	Hezromi
Hesromit	Hezrom
het	It
hetëjen	investigation
heterogjene	heterogeneous
heth	heth
hethç	hetch
hethçinë	the heath
Hethi	Hethi
Hethit	Hethit
Hethlonit	Hethlon
hethmë	heth
hethni	heathen
hethsh	hethsh
hethshinë	silence
hethte	hette
Heti	Immediately
hetim	investigation
hetime	INVESTIGATION
heto	here
hetohen	are investigated
hetoi	investigated
hetoj	scan
hetoja	hetos
hetoje	investigate
hetojë	investigate
hetojmë	investigate
hetojnë	investigate
Hetomë	Hetoma
heton	INVESTIGATE
hetoni	investigate
hetonte	investigate
hetosh	Investigating
hetova	Hittite
Hetsrai	Hatshepsut
Hetsro	Peace and quiet
Hetsroni	Harassment
Hetsronit	Hetsronite
hetsronitëve	Hezronite
Hettetët	Hittites
Hetteu	Hittite
Hettiti	Hettiti
Hettitit	Hittites
hetuan	investigated
hetuar	INVESTIGATE
Heveri	Think
Hevron	Hevron
Hezeut	Hazeut
Hezib	Party
Hezionit	He'zi
Heziri	Hello.
Hezroni	Hezron
hi	hi
hiacint	hyacinth
hiacinti	hyacinths
hiç	none
hiçin	nothing
Hidai	Hidai
Hiddekell	Hiddekell
hidh	Cast
hidhe	tied up
hidhej	leaping
hidhem	wade
hidhemi	let's jump
hidhen	DUMPED
hidhenë	throw it
hidheni	THROW
hidhërim	soreness
hidhërime	sorrow
hidhërimet	soreness
hidhërimi	Grieving
hidhërimin	the bitterness
hidhërimit	anger
hidhërimt	bitterness
hidhëro	displeased
hidhërohej	was sad
hidhërohem	grieve
hidhërohen	sorely
hidhëroheni	mourn
hidhërohesh	bitterness
hidhërohesha	I was sad.
hidhëroheshin	mourned
hidhërohet	mourn
hidhërohi	be sad
hidhëroj	afflict
hidhërojë	afflict
hidhëron	Grieves
hidhëronen	they are sad
hidhëroni	grieve
hidhëronin	afflict
hidhëroninë	sadness
hidhëronte	vex
hidhërua	sorry
hidhëruan	distressed
hidhëruanë	they were sad
hidhëruar	angry
hidhëruarë	bitter
hidhëruashë	I was bitter.
hidhesh	jump
hidheshe	bursts
hidheshin	jump
hidhësi	acrimony
hidhësirë	bitterness
hidhësirën	bitter
hidhësisë	bitterness
hidhet	Hops
hidhët	you are bitter
hidhetë	bitter
hidhëtie	bitterness
hidhi	the nose
hidhini	take
hidhitë	bitterness
hidhja	Throw
hidhje	plunge
hidhni	THROW
hidhnia	cast
hidhnin	Take
hidhnit	cast
hidhte	blow
hidhu	tie the knot
hidhuani	shall cast
hidhuni	leap
hidhur	BITTER
hidhura	PAINFUL
hidhurë	bitter
hidhurënë	bitterness
hidropik	hydropic
hidropizi	dropsy
hidropizia	dropsy
hie	had
hieja	sand
hieje	hey
hiek	hiek
hiekë	sand
hiekëmenë	hiekemene
hiekësi	poverty
hieki	Hieki
hiekin	with you
hiekinë	hieki
hiekshi	hiekshi
hiekshim	hiekshim
hiekshinë	hiekshina
hiektë	hectic
hiekun	hiekun
hiekunat	hiekunate
hiekunë	hieku
Hieli	Hiel
hien	he
Hienat	Wolves
hienë	hyena
hiequnë	hiequun
hiera	yesterday
Hierapojaishin	Hierapojaishin
Hierapojë	Hierapolis
Hierapol	Hierapolis
Hierapolis	Hierapolis
hieruarë	blessed
hies	AIDS
hiesë	shadow
hieshëme	beautiful
hieshim	hieshim
hieshime	hieshime
hieshimetë	joys
hiesonjë	hiesonje
hiet	was called
Higgaion	Higgaion
Higgajon	Higgajon
Higlah	Higlah
hij	he
hija	it is
hije	SHADOW
hijë	comeliness
hijëm	shadow
hijëmë	shadow
hijen	SHADOW
hijënë	the shadow
hijes	shadow
hijesë	shade
hijeshi	elegance
hijesoi	Hijesoi
hijesuem	hijesuem
hijet	shadows
hijnë	they are gray
hijshëm	comely
hijshme	comely
hijtim	my name
hijturë	shadow
hijturit	the ghosts
hijturitë	shadows
Hikni	Hikni
hile	hile
Hilelit	Hillel
Hileni	Greece
hileqare	blackleg
hileqarë	tricksters
hileqari	deceiver
hiliarhëtë	hiliarchy
hiliarhëvet	the hilly hills
Hiliarhnë	Hilariahne
Hiliarhu	Hilarhu
Hiliarhut	Hiliarhut
Hilkiah	Hilkiah
Hilkiahu	Hilkiah
Hilkiahun	Hilkiahun
Hilkiahut	Hilkiahut
Hilqiahut	Hilkiah
him	him
Himeneu	Hymeneus
himn	anthem
himne	anthem
himnet	anthem
himnin	HYMN
himnoj	hymns
hin	don't
hine	hine
hinë	storey tall
Hingëllima	Hingëlima
hingëllimat	hingëlimat
hingëllimave	neighing
hingëllin	hingelllin
hingëlloni	bellow
hini	Hina
hinit	hin
Hinomit	Hinnom
hinte	hinte
Hiosë	Hiose
Hiosit	You grinded.
hip	hip
hipa	sheep
hipç	hipch
hipça	hipca
hipe	hip
hipë	climb
hipëijnë	they ride
Hipëj	I'm riding.
hipëjë	ride
hipëjëmë	let's ride
hipëjënë	ride
hipëjmë	we ride
hipëjnë	ride
hipëm	Embarking
hipën	boarded
hipeni	Spanish
hipëni	ride
hipënin	they rode
hipëninë	the hippocampus
hipënj	ride
hipënjç	hippo
hipënjë	ride
hipënjënë	horse riding
hipi	sheep
hipim	hipim
hipimë	we rode
hipin	hippie
hipinë	hippie
hipje	hip
hipnë	we ride
hipni	hypnosis
hipnin	boarding
hipokrisi	hypocrisy
hipokrisin	hypocrisin
hipokrit	hypocrite
hipokrite	hypocritical
hipokritë	hypocrites!
hipokritëna	hypocrite
hipokritënat	hypocrites
hipokritënitë	hypocrites
hipokritërë	hypocrites
hipokritët	hypocrites
hipokritëtë	hypocrites
hipokritëve	hypocrites
hipokriti	hypocrite
hipokrizi	hypocrisy
hipokrizia	hypocrisy
hipokrizie	hypocrisy
hipokrizinë	hypocrisy
hipokrizitë	hypocrisies
hipotekuar	Mortgages
hipsha	hipsha
hipte	board
hipunë	hippo
hipur	riding
hipurë	horse
hipuritë	horses
hiq	DISCARD
hiqe	Withdraw
hiqej	lifted
hiqem	wisdom
hiqen	LIFTED
hiqenë	removed
Hiqeni	REMOVE
hiqeshin	they were removed
hiqeshinë	laughter
hiqet	removed
hiqetë	remove
hiqi	remove
Hiqini	remove the
hiqishnë	no way
hiqja	Remove cold
hiqmë	take me away
hiqnë	remove
hiqni	Purge
hiqnim	off our
hiqnin	they removed
hiqnit	your removal
hiqte	Abolish
Hiqu	Leave alone
hiqua	hiqua
hiquni	hikun
hir	her
Hira	Conversation
Hirah	Hirah
Hiram	Hiram
Hirami	Hiram
Hiramin	Borrow
Hiramit	Borrow
hire	hire
hirë	Cause
hiret	graces
hiri	city
hirin	grace
hirinë	grace
hirit	cut
hiritë	the ashes
hirografonë	handprints
hirotonis	hirotonis
hirotonisnë	ordination
hirotonisurë	ordained
hirplote	hirplote
hirplotë	delightsome
hirt	hirt
hise	share
hiseja	hisses
hisop	hyssop
hisopi	hyssop
hisopin	hyssop
historia	history
historiani	historian
historinë	history
historisë	history
hitë	Hite
hitease	hitease
hitenje	rush
hitenjtë	the Hittites
hitenjve	rush
hiteu	seven
hiteun	black
hiteut	Hittite
hith	eat
hithëra	Nettle
hithësat	nettles
hithëthit	nettle
hithni	hot
hithnia	hithnia
hithra	nettles
hithrat	nettles
hithrave	brier
hithte	hot
hitim	I am in a hurry.
Hititëtë	Hittites
Hititi	Hittite
hitonë	chiton
hitoni	hitoni
Hittitët	Hittites
Hittitëtë	Hittites
Hittitëve	hittite
Hittitëvet	The Hittites
Hittiti	Hittite
Hittitin	Hittite
Hittitit	Hittites
hivenjtë	the Hives
hivenjve	Hives
hiveu	winter
hiveut	winter
Hivitët	Hi'vites
Hivitëtë	Hivites
Hivitëvet	The Hivites
Hivitin	Hivitin
Hivitit	Hivite
Hizki	Letter
hjeretis	heart
hjeretismo	heredity
hjeretisnë	heresy
hjeretisni	heartbreak
Hllamidhë	Hlamidhe
hllamidhënë	moon
Hlloit	Hlloit
Hobabi	Hobbit
Hobabit	Hobabit
Hobah	Hobah
hobe	better
hobeja	hobby
hobeje	in vain
hobenë	sling
hobesë	sling
hobet	heap
hobetarët	slingers
hobeve	I drank
hobor	hobor
hobore	hobore
hoborë	hobo
hoboret	hoboret
hoçore	hose
Hodavia	Refuse
Hodaviahu	Hodaviahu
Hodaviahut	Hodaviah
Hodavias	Hodavias
Hodevahut	Hodevahut
hodh	blown
hodha	blown
hodhe	withheld
hodhë	blown
hodhëm	threw
hodhën	THROWN
hodhët	skip
hodhi	HE
hodhm	hodhm
hodhnë	throw
Hodhollogomori	Hodhollogomori
Hodhollogomorinë	The Hodholologomorin
Hodhollogomorit	Hodhollogomorit
Hodi	Skin
Hodihajut	Hodihajut
Hodijahu	Good morning
Hodshit	Hodshit
hof	court
Hofni	To fear
Hofnit	Hofnit
Hofra	Hole
hofte	hip
Hoglah	Hoglah
Hoglahu	Hoglahu
Hoglahut	Hoglahut
Hohamit	Hohamit
hoje	today
hojë	Hoje
hojet	honeycomb
hojit	to heal
Holak	Hello
holias	holias
holla	holla
hollat	lobby
hollë	thin
hollësi	detail
hollësisht	in detail
hollësitë	the details
hollët	halls
hollëtë	thin
hollëvet	thin
holli	devotion
hollinë	thinness
hollit	hall
hollohi	thin
hollon	dilutes
hollonjç	thin
hollonjë	thin
hollova	hollova
holluar	dilute
holokaust	Holocaust
holokauste	Holocaust
holokaustesh	Holocaust
holokaustet	Holocaust
holokausteve	in the Holocaust
holokausti	Holocaust
holokaustin	Holocaust
holokaustit	Holocaust
Holon	Holon
Holoni	Holon
Holonin	Holonin
homer	homer
homeri	Homer
homori	homosexual
homoseksualët	gay
hon	she
hoq	removed
hoqa	removed
hoqe	Omitted
hoqëm	removed
hoqën	Omitted
hoqët	Take away
hoqi	lifted
hoqm	judgment
hoqnë	they removed
Hor	First
Horami	Through the mountains
Horazin	Horace
Horeb	Horeb
Horebi	Horeb
Horebit	It will burn.
Horejve	Horejve
Horemi	Horemhe
horenjtë	the Horeans
horet	horet
Horeut	Horet
Hori	That
Horib	Horeb
Horibi	Horibi
Horimëtë	Horimites
Horit	Hori
Horitëvet	The Horites
Horitit	Horites
Horiv	Horiv
horizontale	horizontal
horizontit	horizon
Hormah	Hormah
Hormahu	Steam
Hormahun	Hormahun
Hormahut	Hormahut
Horon	Training
Horonaim	Horonaim
Horonaimësë	Horonaim
Horonaimi	Horonaim
Horonaimit	Horonaim
Horonë	Horona
Horoni	Horn
Horonin	Horon
Horonit	Horonite
horoniti	hornet
horonitit	Horonite
horra	there
Horrevet	Horrevet
Hosahu	Hosah
Hosahut	Hosahut
hosana	hosanna
Hosanna	Hosanna
Hosas	Hosas
Hosea	Hosea
Hoseas	Hoseas
Hoseut	Hoseut
Hoshajahu	Hoshajahu
Hoshajahut	Osaias
Hoshama	Hoshama
Hoshea	Hosea
Hosheas	Hosheas
hoshnuk	hoshnuk
hosten	the cough
hostenë	oxgoads
hostenëve	goads
hostenit	Hosteni
hoth	hoth
Hothami	Hothami
Hothamit	Hothamit
Hothiri	Hothiri
hothnë	hot
hov	hov
Hova	Where
hovi	court
hovin	hovin
hovunë	jerk
hovur	house
Hozait	Hozait
Hozehut	Hozehut
hreofiletë	croup
hri	diseases
hria	know
hrie	hrie
hrië	three
hrinë	gray
hrira	hurray
Hrishto	Hrishto
Hrishtoi	Hrishtoi
Hrishtoit	Hrishtoit
Hrishtonë	Christians
hrisi	hrisi
hrisiko	risk
hrismë	grace
Hrisolitho	Hrisolitho
Hrisopraso	Chrysoprase
Hristianë	Christians
Hristo	Christo
Hristoi	Christ
Hristoit	Christ
Hristonë	Christians
hrisurë	hairy
hterbat	hterbat
hu	hu
hua	fruit
huadhë	loan
huadhënës	lender
huadhënësi	lenders
huadhënësit	LENDER
huahesh	huahesh
huahet	borrowed
huaj	foreigners
huaja	foreign
huaje	LOAN
huajë	borrow
huajënë	the foreigner
huajësë	foreigner
huajet	huajet
huajët	foreigners
huajëtë	foreigners
huajëvet	foreigners
huaji	ALIEN
huajin	stranger
huajinë	foreignness
huajit	FOREIGNER
huajmë	borrow at
huajnë	borrow
huajsh	foreigners
huajt	foreigners
huajtë	foreigners
huajtnë	foreigners
huajve	foreigners
huall	huall
huallin	huallin
huamarrës	borrower
huamarrësi	borrower
huamarrësit	BORROWER
huan	huan
huani	fruit
huazohet	lent
hudhëmeja	garlic
hudhrat	garlic
huej	borrow
hueja	Huej
huejënë	foreigner
huejët	foreigners
huejëvet	foreigners
huejinë	foreigner
huejit	huejit
huejt	Huej
huejtë	foreigners
huejvet	huejvet
huetë	hut
Hufami	In squads
hufamitëve	Huphamites
huhetë	loan
huj	call
hukati	executed
hukatje	breath
hukatjen	breath
Hukok	Hukok
Hukokun	Hukokun
Huldah	Huldah
Huli	Late
hulli	furrow
hulliat	crazy
Hullitë	longings
hulumtime	research
Hulumto	Explore
hulumtoheshin	explored
hulumton	explores
hulumtosh	searching
hulumtuar	EXPLORING
hulumtuesi	researcher
humb	LOSE
humba	I lost
humbaç	loser
humbas	miss
humbasç	loser
humbasë	miss
humbasëm	we lost
humbasëmë	let's get lost
humbasën	lost
humbasënë	lost
humbasësh	Losing
humbasim	lose
humbasin	lose
humbasjë	lose
humbasnjën	lost one
humbe	lose
humbë	lose
humbëj	get lost
humbëja	I lost.
humbëje	lose it
humbëjë	lose
humbëjesë	loss
humbëjësë	loser
humbëjet	losses
humbemi	humbimi
humbën	lost
humbenë	lost
humbësh	lose
humbeshe	you were lost
humbet	WASTETH
humbetë	you are lost
humbi	lost the
humbiem	humbly
humbimë	we lost
humbin	lose
humbisnë	lost
humbisni	lose
humbiste	losing
humbit	humbit
humbitni	humbit
humbja	loss
humbje	loss
humbjeje	loss
humbjen	defeat
humbjes	loss
humbnë	lost
humbni	LOSE
humbte	losing
humbtë	losing
humbunë	lost
humbur	LOST
humbura	LOST
humburat	losers
humburë	lost
humburën	lost
humburënë	lost
humburit	MISSING
humburve	Disappeared
humnera	abyss
humnerat	depths
humnerë	abyss
humnerën	abyss
humnerës	deep
hump	hump
humpç	humpback
humpnë	hump
humpni	bump
humpnjë	loss
humpsh	humpsh
humpshinë	humpshina
Humtahu	You know.
huna	hide
hunda	all
hundaretë	hundred
hundë	nose
hundën	NASAL
hundënë	nose
hundëpërpjetë	horn
hundës	nasal
hundësë	nose
hundëve	nose
hunjt	hunjt
hunjtë	pegs
hunjve	pickets
hup	hup
hupa	soup
Hupahu	Goal
hupëje	hooves
hupëjes	swindler
hupëmesë	lunch
hupenë	the horn
hupetë	hoopoe
hupi	what
hupie	hupie
hupimë	humpback whale
Hupimi	Huppim
Hupimin	Hupimin
hupinë	the hump
hupnë	hupne
hupni	hoop
Huppimi	Huppim
huptë	hupta
hupun	hood
hupuna	uncle
hupunë	the hoopoe
hupuninë	the hupuni
hupunit	hoodies
hupunitë	the hupunis
Hur	How
Hurai	Jew
Hurami	hurami
Huri	Change
Hurin	Burn
Hurit	Hur
hurma	date
hurmash	palm trees
hurmave	dates
hurmavet	dates
Husha	Husha
Hushahu	Hushahu
Hushahut	Hushahut
Hushai	Hushai
Hushait	Hushait
Hushami	Husham
Hushathiti	Hushathiti
Hushimi	Hushmi
Hushit	Hushit
Husi	Hussy
Husit	Hussite
husmeqari	husmegari
husmet	housewife
huta	rest
hutat	vultures
hutën	nighthawk
hutim	inattention
hutimi	slumber
hutimin	confusion
hutimit	confusion
hutofshin	confounded
hutohem	be squeamish
hutohen	get confused
hutoheni	get mad
hutojë	distract
hutonte	confounded
Hutsoth	Hutsoth
hutua	settles
hutuan	forest
hutuar	confused
hutuara	confused
hutuarën	strays
Huzait	Huzait
Huzinë	Huzina
huzure	peace be upon you
huzurevet	peaceyes
hyejënë	god
hyfshinë	hyfshina
hyftë	will go
hyhet	enter
hyimë	we entered
hyinisë	deity
hyj	ENTER
hyja	enter
hyje	login
hyjë	enter
hyjënë	god
hyjënia	divinity
hyjënueshime	divineness
hyjënueshimeja	the goddess
hyjetë	god
Hyji	God
Hyjin	God
hyjinë	divinity
Hyjit	GOD
hyjmë	enter
hyjn	enter
hyjnë	INTO
hyjnia	Godhead
Hyjnisë	divinity
hyjnish	deities
hyjnisht	divinely
hyjnitë	deities
hyjnive	deities
hyjnizohet	deify
hyjnizojë	magnify
hyjnizojnë	deify
hyjnor	DIVINE
hyjnore	divine
hyjsh	hyjsh
hyjt	hyjt
hym	hym
hymë	entered
hymën	they entered
Hymenai	Hymena
hymesë	entrance
hymi	hymi
hymitë	the humites
hymn	hymn
hymnën	the anthem
hyn	this
hyna	that
hyne	entered
hynë	Hyne
hyni	ACCESSING
hynin	Smooch
hyninë	entrance
hynj	that
hynjç	hinjc
hynjë	come in
hynjën	they entered
hynjënë	enter
hynjsh	hynjsh
hynte	enter
hypa	dry
Hype	Hype
hypëm	hype
hypën	they got on
hypi	jump
hypimë	we hop
hypnë	hypnosis
hypshinë	hypsia
hypun	hypon
hypunë	hypocrite
hyr	rent
hyra	rent
hyrat	REVENUE
hyre	hire
hyrë	ENTER
hyrët	access
hyrëtë	income
hyri	entered
hyrit	entered
hyrja	entrance
hyrje	FoRewoRd
hyrjen	ENTRANCE
hyrjes	ENTRY
hyrjet	ENTRIES
hysh	enter
hyssop	hyssop
hyssopi	hyssop
hytë	entered
i	i
ia	it
Iabinit	Jabinit
Iair	Jairus
Iairo	Jairus
Iakob	Jacob
Iakobi	Jacob
Iakobin	Jacobin
Iakobinë	Jacobite
Iakobit	Jacobite
Iakovi	Jacob
Iakovinë	Jacobin
Iakovit	Jacob
Iakovnë	Jacob
Iakovo	Iakovo
Iakovoi	Iakovoi
Iakovoit	Jacob
Iakovonë	Jacobites
Iambreu	Iambreu
Iamvriu	Iambrius
Iannait	Iannait
Ianneu	John
Ianniu	January
Iaqintho	The province
Iaredhit	Iaredhit
Iaredit	Jared
Iasonë	Jason
Iasoni	Jason
Iasonin	Jason
Iasonit	Jasons
iaspide	asp
iaspidë	jasper
Iaspidh	Jasper
Ibhar	Ibar
Ibhari	Bar
ibisin	ibisin
Ibleam	Ibleam
Ibleamit	Ibleamit
Ibnejahu	Ibnejah
Ibnijahut	Ibnijah
Ibri	Iber
Ibtsani	Ibsani
Idalahin	Male
Idbashi	Idbashi
Identifikimi	iDENTIFICATION
idhënie	give to
idhënim	award
idhënime	awards
idhënimi	award
idhënimit	giving
idhënimt	recognition
idhënofsha	child's name
idhënoft	give it
idhënohem	I am angry.
idhënohetë	granted
idhënohi	give it to him
idhënoni	give it
idhënu	give
idhënue	given
idhënuem	given
idhënuenë	given
idhënueshë	given
idhënueshim	recognition
idhënumë	given
idhënutë	given
idhërua	donated
idhëruanë	they gave
idhësinë	bitterness
idhët	painful
idhëta	bitter
idhëtë	travel
idhiot	idiot
idhiotë	idiot
idhiotër	idiot
idhisi	agree
idhnak	idhnak
Idhole	Idhole
Idholl	Idholl
Idhollatë	Idol
Idhollavet	Idhollavet
idhollë	idol
idhollënë	idol
idhollëvet	idols
Idholli	Idol
idhollit	idol
Idhollo	Idol
idhollollatr	idhollollatr
idhollollatrë	idolatry
idhollollatrëtë	idolatry
Idhollollatri	Idolollatri
Idhollollatria	Idhollollatria
idhropikasunë	hypotropical
idhuj	Idols
idhujsh	idol
idhujt	Idols
idhujtar	idolater
idhujtarë	idolatrous
idhujtarët	idolaters
idhujtari	idolatry
idhujtaria	idolater
idhujtarisë	idolatry
idhujtë	idols
idhujve	idols
idhujvet	idols
idhull	idol
idhulla	idol
idhullat	idols
idhullatë	idolatry
idhullatër	idolater
idhullatrë	idolater
idhullatrët	idolaters
idhullatrëtë	idols
idhullatri	idolater
idhullatrisë	idolatry
idhullavet	idols
idhullë	idol
idhulli	idol
idhullin	idol
idhullit	idol
Idhumea	Idumea
Idhumenë	Idumea
Idhumesë	Idhume
Idhumeut	Idumea
Idhumiti	Idhumiti
idhura	indura
idiotë	idiots
Ido	Eye
Idos	Idos
Idumea	Idumea
idumease	idumease
Idumeja	Idumea
idumenj	idžumenj
idumeu	idumaean
idumeun	cool
Idumiti	Idumea
Iedhuthunë	Iedhuthune
Ieduthunë	Ieduthune
Iefthaenë	Jephthaenë
Iehonia	Jehonias
Iehonianë	Jehonians
Iehonisë	Iehonia
Ierapol	Hierapolis
Ieremi	Jeremiah
Ieremia	JEREMIAH
Ieremianë	Jeremiah
Ieremisë	Jeremiah
Ieriho	Jericho
Ierihoja	Jericho
Ierihosë	Jericho
iero	holy
Ieroi	Hiero
Ieroit	Ieroit
Ieronë	Hieroglyphics
Ierosalim	Jerusalem
Ierosili	Suggest
Ierosolimit	Jerusalem
Ierosolimitë	Jerusalemites
Ierusalem	Jerusalem
Ierusalema	Jerusalem
Ierusalemë	Jerusalem
Ierusalemën	Jerusalem
Ierusalemënë	Jerusalem
Ierusalemësë	Jerusalem
Ierusalemi	Jerusalem
Ierusaleminë	Jerusalem
Ierusalemit	Jerusalemite
Ierusalemitësh	Jerusalemites
Ierusalemitëtë	Jerusalemites
Ierusalim	Jerusalem
Ierusalimi	Jerusalem
Ierusalimit	Jerusalem
Ierusalimn	Jerusalem
Ierusalimnë	Jerusalem
Ierusallemësë	Jerusalem
Ierusi	Jerusha
Iesenë	Yesenin
Ieseu	Jesse
Ieseut	Yeseut
Iessait	I was trying
Iesseu	Jesse
Iesseut	Iesseut
Iesu	Jesus
Iesui	Jesus
Iesuinë	Yesuina
Iesuit	Jesus
Iesuiu	Yesuiu
Iesun	Yesun
Iesunë	Yesuen
Iezabile	Jezebel
Iezavelnë	Jezebel
Ifdejahu	Ifdejahu
Igali	Enter
Igdaliahut	Igdaliah
igjemon	hegemon
igjemoni	egoism
Igjemonit	Hegemon
ihtjaç	need
II	II
III	III
Iisu	I am
Iisui	Jesus
Iisuit	Iisuit
Iisuj	Iisuj
Iisunë	Jesus
ij	ij
ija	fight
ijash	ijash
ije	walk
ijë	groin
ijën	hip
ijenë	thigh
ijëngjeshur	compressed
ijës	thigh
ijet	jet
ijët	loins
ijëve	loins
Ijimi	Gym
ijnë	they are
Ijoin	Church
Ijonin	Ionin
ik	I
ika	th
Ikabod	Ichabod
Ikabodit	Ichabod
ikanak	ikanak
ikanakë	fugitives
ikanakët	fugitives
ikanaku	ikanaku
ikanakun	Ikanaku
ikanakut	ikanakut
ikçinë	escape
ike	power
ikë	Flees
ikëç	run away
ikëj	run away
ikëjë	escape
ikëjëmë	let's go
ikëjënë	escape
ikëjmë	we leave
ikëjnë	they leave
ikëm	Ikem
ikëmesë	runaway
ikën	fled
ikëni	run away
ikëninë	escape
ikënj	run away
ikënjç	escape
ikënje	escape
ikënjë	run away
ikënjënë	run away
ikënte	was leaving
ikësh	escape
ikëshiem	escape
Ikeshit	Ikeshit
iket	Those
ikët	retreating
iki	until
ikij	first
ikim	I am
ikin	they flee
ikinë	they leave
ikja	Fleeing
ikje	EXIT STRATEGY
ikjen	drain
ikjes	drain
ikmeja	I'm sorry.
iknë	run away
ikni	flee
iknin	flee
iknit	iKnit
ikon	power
ikonat	icon
ikonë	icon
ikonën	icon
ikonësë	icon
Ikoni	Icon
Ikonio	Iconium
Ikonisë	Iconium
Ikonit	Icons
Ikonom	Icon
ikonomë	steward
ikonomia	economy
iksha	ink
ikshin	ikshin
ikshinë	escape
ikte	leave
iktë	run away
iku	that
ikun	it is
ikunë	they are gone
ikunit	icon
ikunitë	icons
ikur	symbol
ikurë	fled
ikurit	Exiles
ikuritë	the icuri
ilaç	medicine
ilaçe	medicine
Ilai	Elias
Ilia	Their
Iliaja	Iliad
Ilianë	Ilia
Iliasë	Ilias
ilibe	it does not exist
ilibé	ilibé
Iliri	Illyria
Iliu	Dog
Iliut	Iliut
illasmo	illasmo
illë	Ille
illi	those
illn	that
Illyri	Illyrian
ilnë	ilne
im	in the
imazhit	image
ime	to do
imea	height
imeja	imeja
imëje	my name
Imeneoi	Name
Imeneu	Name
Imeri	To win
Imerit	Immer
imët	FINE
imëta	FINE
imëtë	small
imi	I
imia	name
imito	imitation
imiton	imitates
imitoni	IMITATE
imitonin	imitate
imitonit	imitate
imitues	simulator
imituesit	imitators
imja	OWN
Imlahut	Imlahut
Imlas	Imlas
Imna	Anthem
Imnahut	Imnahut
imno	song
imnovet	imnovet
imorale	immoral
imoralitet	immorality
imponoi	imposed
imponojë	impose
imponon	imposes
imponosh	impose
imponua	imposed
imponuan	imposed
imponuar	imposed
imponuara	IMPOSED
importohej	imported
importoheshin	imported
importonin	importon
importuar	iMported
Imrahu	Imrah
Imrit	Imrit
imta	taken
imtësi	minuteness
imtësisht	minutely
imzot	Monsignor
in	in
inat	stubbornness
inati	said
inatin	wrath
inatit	anger
inatos	innate
incest	incest
India	India
indinjata	indignation
indinjate	wrath
indinjatë	indignation
indinjatën	wrath
indinjatës	wrath
indinjohen	displeased
indinjova	wroth
indinjua	wroth
indinjuan	displeased
indinjuar	indignant
individ	individual
individëve	individual
individin	the individual
individualisht	ALONE
inë	bility
infektoni	infecton
influencë	influence
informacion	: INFORMATION
informata	information
informohesh	inquire
Informohuni	Inform
informoi	informed
informoj	information
informojë	inform
informoni	inform
informonin	informing
informua	informed
informuan	informed
informuar	informed
ini	This
inkandeshent	incandescent
inkurajimi	ENCOURAGING
inkurajohem	encouraged
inkurajohen	are encouraged
inkurajuar	encouraging
inkustuar	inquest
insekt	insect
insektesh	insect
insektet	PESTS
insekti	insects
insinuata	insinuations
insistim	we insist
insistimit	insistence
insistoi	insisted
inspektorë	inspectors
inspektori	inspectors
inspektuar	inspected
institucionet	INSTITUTIONS
inteligjenca	intelligence
interes	interest
interesim	interest
interesin	interest
interesohesh	cares
interesohet	cares
intereson	interest
interesova	I was interested.
Interlud	Interlud
internimi	deportation
internimit	deportation
internohet	exile
internoi	captive
internojnë	captive
internua	interned
internuan	deported
internuar	exiled
internuarit	exiles
internuarve	exiles
interpretim	INTERPRETING
Interpretimet	INTERPRETING
interpretimeve	interpretations
interpretimi	iNTERPRETATION
interpretimin	interpretation
interpretimit	interpretation
interpretoftë	interpret
interpretoi	interpreted
interpretojë	performing
interpretojmë	interpret
interpretojnë	interpret
interpreton	interprets
interpretonte	interpret
interpretosh	interpret
interpretuan	Starring
interpretuar	interpreted
interpretues	interpreting
intimitetin	Privacy
intriga	intrigue
intrigash	schemer
intrigat	mystified
Ioabi	Joab
Ioanë	Ioana
Ioann	John
Ioanna	Joanna
Ioannait	Ioannait
Ioannë	Ioanna
Ioanni	John
Ioannit	John
Ioathami	Joatham
Ioathamit	Ioathamite
Ioathamnë	Joatham
Iobit	Iobit
Iod	Iod
Ioel	Joel
Ioili	Yes
Iona	Iona
Ionai	Ions
Ionait	Ionait
Ionanit	Ioannis
Ionath	Ionath
Ionnanit	Ionnanite
Iop	Iop
Iopi	Job
Iopit	Iopit
Ioppë	Joppa
Ioppënë	Ioppa
Ioppësë	Ioppa
Ioppet	The race
Iorami	Joram
Ioramit	Joram
Ioramnë	Joramna
Iordan	Jordan
Iordani	Jordan
Iordanit	Jordan
Iordhan	Iordhan
Iordhani	Iordhani
Iordhaninë	Jordan
Iordhanit	Jordan
Ioremit	I swear
Iorimit	Iorim
Iosafati	Jehoshaphat
Iosafatit	Jehoshaphat
Iosafatnë	Jehoshaphat
Iosafi	Iosafi
Iose	Ios
Iosef	Joseph
Iosefi	Joseph
Iosefinë	Josephine
Iosefit	Joseph
Ioseit	Ioseit
Ioses	Joseph
Ioseu	Joshua
Ioseut	Ioseut
Iosi	Ios
Iosia	Josiah
Iosianë	Iosianë
Iosif	JOSEPH
Iosifi	Joseph
Iosifit	Joseph
Iosifnë	Joseph
Iosisë	Josiah
Iosiu	Iosius
Iosiut	Iosiut
iota	iota
Iothesia	Iothesia
iothesinë	iothesis
Iothesisë	Iothesis
Iovit	Jupiter
ip	ip
ipei	I have
ipej	go ahead
ipejnë	give
ipem	ipem
ipemi	epidemic
ipenë	give
ipeshinë	obesity
ipet	given
ipetë	horse
ipiresin	ipiresin
ipitë	hippies
ipnë	ipne
ipni	thread
ipokris	hypocrite
ipokrisi	hypocrisy
ipokrisitë	hypocrisy
ipokritë	hypocrite
Ipokritej	Hypocritical
ipokritejtë	hypocrites
Ipokritetë	Hypocrisy
Ipokriti	Hypocrites
Ipokrití	Hypocrisy
Ipokritij	Hypocrite
ipomoní	ipomoea
ipomoninë	hypomonia
ipte	bag
Ir	And
Ira	Ira
Iradhi	Iradhi
Iradhit	Iradhit
Iradi	Voluntary
Iradit	Iradit
Iram	Anger
Irami	Irami
Iri	This is
Irijah	Irijah
Irijahu	Iriahu
Irin	Kind
iriqi	hedgehog
Irit	Economical
irnim	irnim
Irodh	Irodh
Irodhi	Irodhi
Irodhiadha	Herodias
Irodhiadhënë	Irodiadhe
Irodhiadhësë	Herodias
Irodhianotë	Herodians
Irodhionë	Herodias
irodhit	irodhit
Irodhnë	Herod
Irpeeli	Irpeel
irt	irt
Iru	Tail
Isaak	Isaak
Isaaknë	Isaac
Isaaku	Isaac
Isaakun	Isaac
Isaakunë	Isaac
Isaakut	Isaac
Isaf	Lower
Isafi	Isaf
Isafinë	Isafina
Isafit	Isafit
Isafnë	Isafna
Isahar	isahar
Isaharit	Isahari
Isai	Install
Isaia	Isaiah
Isaianë	Isaiah
Isaias	Isaiah
Isain	Isa
Isaisë	Isaiah
Isait	Jesse
Isaiu	Isaiah
Isaiut	Isaiut
Isak	Isak
Isakar	Issachar
Isakari	Issachar
Isakarin	Isakarin
Isakarit	Isakarit
Isaku	Isaac
Isakun	Isaac
Isakut	Isaac
isë	y
ish	work
isha	eye
isharet	isharet
Ishbahun	Ishbahun
Ishbakun	Ishbakun
Ishbakunë	Former
Ishbi	Work
ishe	lord
ishëm	we were
Ishi	Work
Ishiahu	Ishiah
ishie	stop
ishiem	ishiem
ishim	we were
ishimë	we were
ishin	were
ishinë	important for two reasons
ishit	Ishi
ishitë	Ishita
ishje	past
ishjem	ischemia
Ishma	Shares
Ishmael	Ishmael
Ishmaeli	Ishmael
Ishmaelin	Ishmaelin
Ishmaelit	Ishmaelit
ishmaelitët	Ishmaelites
Ishmajahu	Ishmael
Ishmerai	Ishmerai
ishnë	former
ishnjam	ishnjam
Ishodin	Ishodin
Ishpahu	Ishpahu
Ishpani	Ishpande
Ishshiahu	Jesshiah
Ishshiahun	Jesshiah
Ishshiahut	Isshiah
Ishshijahu	Ishshijahu
ishte	it Was
ishtë	grew
ishtej	istej
Ishuahu	Ishuah
ishuj	islands
ishujt	islands
ishujve	isles
ishull	island
ishulli	THE ISLAND
ishullin	island
ishullit	ISLAND
Ishvahu	Ishvahu
Ishvi	Ishvi
Iskahut	Yiskah
Iskariot	Iscariot
Iskarioti	Iscariot
Iskariotin	Iscariot
Iskariotinë	Iscariot
Iskariotit	Iscariots
Iskariotnë	Iscariot
Ismael	Ismael
Ismaeli	Ismaeli
Ismaelin	Ismaelin
Ismaelit	Ishmael
ismaelitë	Ishmaelites
ismaelitësh	Ishmaelites
ismaelitët	Ishmaelites
Ismaelitëtë	Ishmaelites
ismaelitëve	Ishmaelites
Ismaeliti	Ismaelite
Ismail	Ishmael
Ismaili	Ismaili
Ismailinë	Ismailia
Ismailit	Ismail
Ismailitë	Isma'ilis
Ismailitëtë	Ismailis
Ismailitëve	Ismailis
Ismailitëvet	The Ismailis
Ismailnë	Ismail
Ismajahu	Isma'iyyahu
Ismakiahu	Ismakiahu
Ismali	Money
Ismir	Izmir
Isop	Hyssop
Israel	Israel
Israeli	Israeli
Israelin	Israel
Israelinë	Israelis
Israelit	Israelite
Israelitë	Israelites
Israelitët	Israelites are
Israell	Israell
Israil	Israel
Israilë	Israel!
Israili	Israel
Israilin	Israel
Israilinë	Israel
israilit	Israel!
Israilite	To Israel
Israilitë	The Israelites
Israilitër	Israelite
Israilitëtë	The Israelites
Israilitëvet	The Israelites
Israill	Israel
Israillë	Israel
Israilli	Israeli
Israillit	Israelite
Israiln	Israiln
Israilnë	In Israel
Israilt	Israel
Israllë	Israel
Issahar	Issahar
Issahari	Issahari
Issaharit	Issahar
Istori	History
Istorin	History
Istraillë	Israel
Isui	Isui
it	it
Itai	Do it.
Itait	Itait
Itali	ITALY
Italia	Italy
Italiane	Italian
Italianë	Italian
Italik	Italic
italike	italic
Italisë	ITALy
ite	ite
Ithai	Ithai
Ithamari	Ithamari
Ithamarin	Ithamarin
Ithamarinë	Ithamar
Ithamarit	Ithamarit
Ithiel	Ithiel
Ithielit	Ithiel
Ithiilit	Ithiliens
Ithmah	Ithmah
Ithnami	Ithnami
Ithrani	Itrani
Ithreami	Ithremi
ithrenjtë	the three
ithtar	proponent
ithtim	I have committed
ithtue	ithtue
ithtuem	ithtuem
ithtuenë	requested
Itsehari	Self-care
Itseharit	Self-care
Itshari	Chari
Itsharit	Itsharit
itsharitët	Jizharites
Itureas	Itureas
Itureësë	Itureësë
Ituresë	Iturea
iu	iu
Iuda	Judas
Iudaismë	Judaism
Iude	Jude
Iudë	Judas
Iudea	Judea
Iudeë	Judea
Iudei	Jewish
Iudeish	Jewish
Iudeit	Judaite
Iudeitë	Jews
Iudej	Iudej
Iudejsh	Iudejsh
Iudejt	Judas
Iudejtë	Jews
Iudejvet	Judas
Iudën	Judah
Iudenë	Judea
Iudënit	The Jews
Iudeonjë	Jewish
Iudës	Judas
Iudesë	Judea
Iudësë	Judas
Iudet	Jude
Iudeu	Judean
Iudevet	Jewish
Iudha	Judah
Iudhaismo	Judaism
Iudhë	Road
Iudhea	Judea
Iudheë	Jewish
Iudheënë	I'm sorry.
Iudheësë	Guides
Iudhej	I wandered.
Iudhënë	Iudahne
Iudheo	Jewish
Iudhësë	Road
Iuli	July
Iulio	July
Iulioi	July
Iulisë	Julia
Iuliu	July
Iunisë	Iunias
Iust	Just
Iusto	Just
IV	IV
Ivaha	Ivah
Ivahut	Ava
ivi	there
IX	IX
Iz	From
Izaelit	Israel were numbered
Iziahu	Iziahu
izolojë	shut up
Izolojeni	Confine
izoluan	isolated
izoluar	isolated
Izrael	Israel
Izraeli	Israeli
Izraelin	Israel
izraelit	Israeli
izraelite	Israelite
izraelitë	Israeli
izraelites	Israelites
izraelitësh	Israelis
izraelitët	Israel
izraelitëve	Israel
izraeliti	Israelites
Izrahiahu	Izrahiah
Izrahiahut	Izrahiah
izrahiti	to stretch
j	j
ja	and
Jaakan	Jaakan
Jaakani	My name is Jaakani.
Jaakobahu	Jacob
Jaalas	In the morning
Jaallaminë	Jaallamine
Jaallamit	Jallamit
Jaan	Jan
Jaare	Jaare
Jaareshiahu	Jaareshiah
Jaarit	The Jars
Jaasai	Jaasai
Jaasieli	Jasiel
Jaazaniahu	Jaazaniahu
Jaazaniahun	Jaazaniahun
Jaazeri	Jaazer
Jaazerin	Jaazer
Jaaziahut	Jaaziah
Jaazieli	Jaazieli
Jabalin	Jabalin
Jabbok	Jabbok
Jabbokut	Jabbokuth
Jaberekiahut	Ownership
Jabes	Jabez
Jabesh	Jabesh
Jabeshit	Jabeshit
Jabesi	Jabeshi
Jabesit	Jabesit
Jabets	Jabez
Jabetsi	Jabez
Jabetsin	Jabez
Jabin	Break
Jabini	Jabin
Jabinin	Breaking
Jabinit	Jabinit
Jabneel	Jabneel
Jabneeli	Jabneeli
Jabnehut	Jabnehut
Jabok	Jabok
Jabokut	Jabodetabek
Jada	Already
Jadai	Jadai
Jadait	I was there
Jadoni	Jadon
Jadua	Magic
Jaduas	Jaduas
Jaela	Jael
Jaelës	Jael
Jafa	Japan
Jafethi	Japheth
Jafethinë	Japheth
Jafethit	Japheth
Jafeti	Japheth
Jafetin	Japheth
Jafetit	Japheth
Jafia	Jafia
Jafias	Jafias
jafletenjve	jafletenjve
Jafleti	Japhlet
Jafletit	Japhlet
Jafo	Jafo
Jafos	Jafos
Jaguri	Jaguri
Jahas	Jahas
Jahathi	Jahath
Jahathin	Jahathin
Jahathit	Jahathit
Jahats	Jahats
Jahatsahu	Jahatsahu
Jahatsin	I was hunting.
Jahazë	Yacht
Jahaziel	Jahaziel
Jahazieli	Jahaziel
Jahazielin	Jahaziel
Jahazielit	Jahaziel
Jahdait	Jahdait
Jahdieli	Jahdiel
Jahdos	Jahdos
Jahehut	Jaehut
Jahleeli	Jahleel
jahleelitëve	Jahleelites
Jahmai	Jahmai
Jahtsahu	Jahtsahu
Jahtseeli	Hunting
jahtseelitëve	Jahzeelites
Jahtsieli	Hunting
Jahzeeli	Jahzeeli
Jahzerahut	Jahrehut
jair	jair
Jairi	Jairus
Jairit	Jairit
jaka	what
Jakaanit	Jacans
jakani	live
Jakehut	Distribution
jaki	What
Jakimi	What kind
Jakin	Know
Jakini	Find out
jakinitëve	Jachinites
jakinthit	I know.
Jakob	Jakob
Jakobi	Jacob
Jakobiishte	Jacobean
Jakobin	Jacobin
Jakobit	Jacobite
Jakobitgjendjej	Jacob is found
Jakov	Jacob
Jakovë	Jakov
Jakovi	James
Jakovinë	Jacobinia
Jakovit	James
Jalam	Road
Jalami	Foothills
Jalamin	Jalamin
Jaloni	Milestones
jam	O'clock
jamathenjtë	the bad guys
Jambresi	Jambresi
Jambresiishin	Jambresiish
Jambresin	Jambresin
Jamini	Jamin
jaminitëve	Jaminites
Jamleku	Jamleku
jan	jan
Janai	Janai
Janait	Janait
Janas	Jan
jane	jane
janë	ARE
Janesi	Janes
Janesidhe	Janesidhe
Janesin	Jane's
jangi	battle
Janoahu	Janoahu
Janoahun	Janoahun
Janoahut	Janohah
Janumi	Janumi
jap	jap
japë	give
japësh	MAKING
japim	GIVE
japin	give
Jaqini	Jaqini
Jarahu	Jarrah
Jarahut	Jarahut
Jareb	Partridge
Jaredhi	Jaredhi
Jaredhit	Jaredhit
Jaredi	Jared
Jaredit	Jaredite
Jaretit	Jared
jargë	slaver
Jarha	Jarha
Jarhën	Jarha
Jaribi	Try
Jaribin	Try it.
Jarkon	Jarkon
Jarmuth	Jarmuth
Jarmuthi	Jarmuthi
Jarmuthin	Jarmuthin
Jarmuthit	Jarmuthit
Jaroahut	Jaroahut
Jasenit	Ash
Jashobeami	Jashobeami
jasht	outside
jashta	out
Jashtazi	Outside
jashtë	OUTSIDE
jashtëm	EXTERNAL
jashtëmit	outsiders
jashtëqitet	excrement
jashtëqitje	excrement
jashtëqitjet	excrement
jashtëqitjeve	STOOLS
jashtësmeja	extraordinary
jashtësmen	outsider
jashtësmi	extroversion
jashtësmitë	foreigners
jashtëzakonisht	extremely
jashtëzakonshëm	extraordinary
jashtëzakonshme	extraordinary
jashtëzakonshmërisë	exceptionalism
jashtëzmen	the outside
jashtme	ExTERNAl
jashtmen	the outside
jashtmëve	foreigners
jashtmi	externally
jashtmit	outsiders
jashubi	jashubi
jashubitëve	Jashubites
Jasoni	Jason
Jasonin	Jason's
Jasonit	Jason
jaspidhë	jasper
jastëk	pillow
jat	jat
jatër	liver
jatërë	liver
jatërënë	tomorrow
jatërësë	night
jatëret	liver
jatëri	mother
jatërinë	the morning
jatërit	fathers
jatet	days
jatët	uring
Jathnieli	Jathniel
jati	teak
Jatiri	Jatiri
Jatirin	Jatirin
Jatirit	Jattir
jatit	his father
jatn	jatt
jatnë	night
jatri	festival
jatrinë	the doctor
jatrit	jatrit
jatro	jatro
jatroi	jatroi
Jatsahun	Jatsahun
Javallinë	Javan
Javan	Javan
Javani	Javanese
Javanin	Javanin
Javanit	Javanit
javanitëve	Greeks
jave	when the
javë	week
javën	WEEK
javënë	the week
javës	WEEK
javësë	of the week
javët	weeks
javëtë	weeks
javëve	weeks
javëvet	weeks
Javokut	Javokut
javua	javua
Jazer	Jazer
Jazerë	Lake
Jazerësë	Lakes
Jazeri	Jazer
Jazerin	Jazerin
Jazerit	He will lie down.
Jaziahu	Jahzeiah
Jazizi	Jazz
je	is
Jearim	Jearim
Jearimi	Jearimi
Jearimit	Jearimit
Jeatherai	Jeatherai
Jebereqahut	Jebereqahut
jebusenjtë	Jebusites
jebusenjve	Jebusites
jebusenjvetë	Jebusites
jebuseu	jebuseu
jebuseut	jebuseut
Jebusi	Jebus
Jebusit	Jebusite
Jebusitëtë	Jebusites
Jebusitëve	Jebusite
Jebusitëvet	Jebusites
Jebusitinë	Jebusite
Jebysitëtë	Jebusites
jeç	jeç
Jedaiahu	Jedaiah
Jedaiahun	Jedaiahun
Jedajahu	Jedediah
Jedajahut	Jedaiah
Jedhuthunë	Jeduthun
Jediaeli	Jediaeli
Jediaelit	Jediaelit
Jedidah	Jeddah
Jedidiah	Jedidiah
Jeditunin	Jeditun
Jeduthun	Jeduthun
Jeduthuni	Jeduthun
Jeduthunit	Jeduthunit
Jedutunin	Jeduthun
Jeeli	Yale
Jefletit	Japhlet
Jefteu	Jephthah
Jefteun	Jefteun
Jefteut	Jephthah
Jeftin	Cheap
Jefunehut	Jephun'neh
Jefuneu	Jephunneh
Jefuneut	Jephunneh
Jegar	Jegar
Jehaleleelit	Jehallelel
Jehalelelit	Jehallelel
Jehats	Jehats
Jehdejahu	Jehdeiah
Jehdia	Jehdia
Jehezekeli	Ezekiel
Jehiel	Jehiel
Jehieli	Jehiel
Jehielin	Jehiel
Jehielit	Jehiel
Jehijahu	Jeiel
Jehoadan	Jehoadan
Jehoahaz	Jehoahaz
Jehoahazi	Jehoahaz
Jehoahazin	Jehoahazin
Jehoahazit	Jehoahazit
Jehohanamit	Jehohanamit
Jehohanan	Jehohanan
Jehohanani	Jehohanani
Jehohananit	Johanan
Jehohazi	Jehoahaz
jehoi	resounded
Jehojada	Jehoiada
Jehojadait	Jehoiada
Jehojadës	Jehoiada
Jehojadit	Jehoiada
Jehojakim	Jehoiakim
Jehojakimi	Joakim
Jehojakimin	Joakim
Jehojakimit	Joakim
Jehojakin	Jehoiachin
Jehojakini	Joachin
Jehojakinin	Jehoiachin
Jehojakinit	Joachin
Jehojaribi	Jehoiarib
jehojnë	echo
jehon	reverberate
jehona	echo
Jehonadabi	Jonadab
Jehonadabin	Jehonadab
Jehonadabit	Jonadab
jehonë	echo
Jehonodabit	Jehonadab
Jehoram	Jehoram
Jehorami	Joram
Jehoramin	Joram
Jehoramit	Joram
Jehoshabeath	Jehoshabeath
Jehoshabeatha	Jehoshabeatha
Jehosheba	Jehosheba
Jehotsadaku	Jehozadak
Jehotsadakut	Jehoz'adak
Jehovah	Jehovah
Jehovahu	Jehovah
Jehozabadi	Jehozabad
Jehozbadi	Jehozbad
Jehu	Jehu
jehuan	resound
Jehubahu	Jehubbah
Jehudi	Yehudi
Jehudijah	Yehudiah
Jehudin	Judi
Jehuhit	Jehuhit
Jehukalin	Juchal
Jehun	Jehun
Jehut	Jehu
Jeiel	Jeiel
Jeieli	Jeieli
Jeielit	Jeiel
Jekabseel	Jekabzeel
Jekamiahu	Jekamiah
Jekamiahut	Jekamiah
Jekaneami	Jekaneami
Jekoliah	Jekolia
Jekomeamin	Jecomeam
Jekonia	Jeconiah
Jekoniah	Jekoniah
Jekoniahu	Jeconiah
Jekoniahun	Jeconiah
Jekoniahut	Jeconiah
Jekonias	Jeconiah
Jekonisë	Jeconiah
Jekuthielin	Jekuthiel
jele	sign
jem	jem
jëmë	we are
jemi	ARE
Jemimah	Jemima
Jemueli	Jemuel
Jemuelli	Jemuelli
jen	just
jenë	BE
jeni	YOU
Jenufehut	Jenufehut
Jeoadahu	Jehoadahu
Jeoadahut	Jeoadahut
jep	give
jepë	Supplied
jepej	granted
jepen	PROVIDED
jepeni	specify
jepesh	delivered
jepeshim	we gave up
jepeshin	PROVIDED
jepet	given
jepi	often
jepini	give
jepja	give
jepjani	Give the
jepje	give them
jepma	yes mom
jepmë	glorify
jepna	good
jepni	GIVE
jepnim	impart
jepnin	BEARING
jepnit	you give
jepte	give
jepu	Pour
jepua	Jew
jepuni	Allow
Jer	Because
Jerahmeel	Jerahmeel
Jerahmeeli	Jerahmeeli
Jerahmeelin	Jerahmeelin
Jerahmeelit	Jerahmeelit
Jerahu	Jerah
jerameelitëve	Jerahmeelites
Jeredin	Jeredin
Jeremai	Jeremy
Jeremia	Jeremiah
Jeremian	Jeremiah
Jeremias	Jeremiah
Jeremothi	Jeremoth
Jeriahun	Jeriah
Jeribai	Jeribai
Jerieli	Jeriel
Jerihosë	Jericho
Jerijahu	Jeriah
Jeriko	Jericho
Jerikoja	Jericho
Jerikon	Jericho
Jerikos	Jericho
Jerikosë	Jericho
Jerimothi	Jerimoth
Jerimothit	Jerimoth
Jeriotha	Jeriotha
Jeroboam	Jeroboam
Jeroboami	Jeroboam
Jeroboamin	Jeroboam
Jeroboamit	Jeroboam
Jerohami	Jerohami
Jerohamit	Jerohamite
Jerubaal	Jerubbaal
Jerubaali	Jerubbaal
Jerubaalin	Jerubaalin
Jerubaalit	Jerubaalim
Jerubeshethit	Jerub-Sheth
Jeruelit	Jeruel
Jerusalem	Jerusalem
Jerusalemi	Jerusalem
Jerusalemin	Jerusalem
Jerusalemit	Jerusalem
Jerusalima	Jerusalem
Jerusalimë	Jerusalem
Jerusalimënë	Jerusalem
Jerusalimësë	Jerusalem
Jerusallima	Jerusallima
Jerusallimë	Jerusalem
Jerusallimënë	Jerusalem
Jerusallimësë	Jerusalem
Jerusallimnë	Jerusalem
Jerusha	Jerusha
Jerushah	Jerushah
Jeruzalem	Jerusalem
Jeruzalemi	Jerusalem
Jeruzalemin	Jerusalem
Jeruzalemit	Jerusalem
Jeseu	Jesse
Jeseut	Jesuit
jesh	BEING
Jeshajahu	Jeshajahu
Jeshanahun	Jeshanahun
Jesharelahu	Jesharelahu
Jeshasë	Yesha
jeshe	being
jeshë	backer
Jeshebeabi	Jeshebeabi
jeshëm	we were
Jesher	Jesher
jeshëtë	you are
jeshil	green
Jeshimoth	Jeshimoth
Jeshimothi	Jeshimothi
Jeshohajai	jeshohajai
Jeshua	Joshua
Jeshuan	Yeshua
Jeshuas	Jeshuas
Jeshurun	Jeshurun
Jeshuruni	Jeshurun
Jeshurunit	Jeshurun
Jesimieli	Yesimieli
Jesishait	Jesuit
Jesseut	Jesseut
Jessiut	Jessiut
jet	jet
jeta	life
jetat	life
jete	BE
jetë	BE
Jetëdhënësin	Life-Giver
jetëgjatë	LASTING
jetëgjatësia	lifespan
jetën	LIVES
jetënë	the life
jetër	Last Day
jetëra	lives
jetërë	life
jetëri	life
jetërinë	life
jetërit	life
jetës	life
jetese	lifestyle
jetësë	life
jetesën	livelihoods
jetëshimitë	life lessons
jetëshmitë	vitality
jetësimit	Delivery
jetësore	life
jetet	FUNDS
jetët	lives
jetëtë	lives
jetëve	lives
jetëvet	lives
Jetheri	Jetheri
Jetherit	Jetherit
Jetheth	Jetheth
Jethethi	Jetheth
Jethro	Jethro
Jethroi	Jethroi
Jethroit	Jethroit
Jethros	Jethros
jetim	orphan
jetimë	orphan
jetimët	orphans
jetimëve	ORPHAN
jetimi	fatherless
jetimin	fatherless
jetimit	fatherless
Jeto	Jet
jetofsh	live
Jetoftë	Long live
jetoi	LIVED
jetoj	LIVE
jetoja	live
jetojë	LIVING
jetojmë	LIVE
jetojnë	LIvINg
jeton	lives
jetoni	LIVE
jetonim	We lived
jetonin	lived
jetonit	Jeton
jetonte	LIVED
jetosh	LIVING
Jetseri	Jetser
jetseritëve	Jezerites
jetuam	we lived
jetuan	LIVED
jetuar	LIVE
jetuarit	lIVING
jetuat	lived
jeturëve	Jetur
Jeturi	jets
Jeueli	Jeueli
Jeush	Jeush
Jeushi	Jeushi
Jeushin	Je'ush
Jeushinë	Jeushina
Jeushit	Jeush
Jeutsi	Jeutsi
Jevusejtë	The Jebusites
Jevuseu	Jebus
Jezabel	Jezebel
Jezabelandoshta	Jezabelandoshta
Jezabelën	Jezebel
Jezaniahu	Jezaniah
Jezebel	Jezebel
Jezebelën	Jezebel
Jezebeli	Jezebel
Jezebelin	Jezebel
Jezebelit	Jezebel
Jezeri	Lakes
Jezerit	Jezerite
jezeritëve	Jeezerites
Jezieli	They were
Jezrahiahut	Jezrahiahut
Jezreel	Jezreel
Jezreeli	Jezreeli
Jezreelin	Jezreelin
Jezreelit	Jezreel
jezreeliten	jezreelite
jezreelitja	Jezreel
Jezu	Jesus
Jezui	Jesus
Jezuin	Jesus
Jezuit	Ignatian
Jezus	Jesus
Jezusi	Jesus
Jezusin	Jesus
Jezusit	Jesus
ji	from the
Jibsami	Jibs
Jidlafi	Playful
Jidllafinë	Jidllafina
Jiftah	Open it.
Jiftahu	Open it
Jimna	Gym
Jimnahu	Jimnahu
jimnitëve	Jimnites
jini	blood
jireh	Jireh
Jironi	Jiron
Jishshiahu	Yishshiahu
Jishuji	Jishuji
Jishvi	Jishvi
jishvitëve	Ishvites
Jisu	Jesus
Jisui	Jisui
Jisuin	Jisuin
Jisuj	Jisuj
Jisunë	Jesus
Jithlahun	Jithlahun
Jithra	Jithra
Jithrani	Jithrani
Jitshari	Jitshari
jitsharitët	Izharites
Jitsri	Jitsri
Jizliahu	Jezliahu
Jizreeli	Jezreel
Jmna	Yes
jo	because
Joab	Joab
Joabi	Joab
Joabin	Joabin
Joabit	Joab
Joahazit	Jehoahazith
Joahu	John
Joahun	Joahun
Joahut	Joah
Joan	Joan
Joana	Joana
Joananit	Joananite
Joani	John
Joann	Joann
Joannas	Joanna's
Joanni	John
Joas	Joash
Joashi	Joashi
Joashit	Joash
Joasi	Joey
Joasin	Joasin
Joasit	Joasis
Joatami	Joatami
Joatamit	Jotham
Joathanit	Joathanit
Joavi	Joavi
Job	Job
Jobabi	Jobabi
Jobedi	Jobedi
Jobedit	Obeys
jobesimtar	unbeliever
jobesimtare	unbeliever
jobesimtarë	unbeliever
jobesimtarët	disbelievers
jobesimtarëve	unbelievers
jobesimtari	unbelief
jobesimtarin	unbeliever
jobesnikë	transgressed
Jobi	Job
Jobin	Job's
Jobit	Job
Jod	Iodine
Jodës	Iodine
Joedit	Judith
Joel	Joel
Joelahu	Joelahu
Joeli	Joel
Joelin	Joel's
Joelit	Joelit
Joezeri	Joezer
Jogbehahun	Jogbehahun
Jogbehahut	Jogbehah
Joglit	Joglit
Joha	Joha
Johabit	Johabit
Johajakinin	Jehoiachin
Johanani	Johanan
Johananin	Johananin
Johananit	Johannite
Johanianin	Johanian
Johanianit	Johannians
Johebedënë	Unrequited
johebre	yohebre
johebreje	yohebrew
johebrenj	johnny
johebrenjsh	Gentiles
johebrenjtë	Gentiles
johebrenjve	Gentile
Johnani	Johnani
Joiadas	Jehoiades
Jojada	Jojada
Jojadas	Jehoiada
Jojakimi	Jehoiakim
Jojakimit	Joiakim
Jojaribi	Jojaribi
Jojaribin	Jojaribin
Jojaribit	Jojaribit
Jokdeami	Jokdeami
Jokebed	Jochebed
Jokebedën	Joch'ebed
Jokimi	No one
Jokmeamin	Jokmeam
Jokneamin	Jokneam
Jokneamit	Joking
Jokshanë	Jokshane
Jokshanin	Jokshanin
Jokshanit	Jokshanit
Joktan	Joktan
Joktani	Joktani
Joktanit	Joktanit
Joktheel	Joktheel
Joktheeli	Joktheel
jona	June
Jonadab	JONADABS
Jonadabi	Jonadabi
Jonai	John
Jonait	Jonait
Jonamit	Ionamite
Jonan	Jonan
Jonanit	Jonan
Jonas	Jonas
Jonatan	Jonathan
Jonatani	Jonathan
Jonatanin	Jonathan
Jonatanit	Jonathan
Jonath	Jonath
Jonathan	Jonathan
Jonathani	Jonathan
Jonathanin	Jonathan's
Jonathanit	Jonathanit
jonë	OUR
Jopa	Even
Jopagjendet	Not found
Jopë	Joppa
Jopën	Joppa
Jopës	Joppa
jopjellor	infertile
Jorahut	jorahut
Jorai	Jorai
Joram	Joram
Jorami	Joram
Joramin	Joramin
Joramit	Joramit
Jordan	Jordan
Jordani	Jordan
Jordanin	Jordan
Jordanit	Jordan
Jordhan	Jordhan
Jordhani	Jordan
Jordhaninë	Jordan
Jordhanit	Jordan
Jordheza	Earthworm
Jordhezë	Jordan
Jordhezësë	Pathfinder
Joreboamit	Jeroboam
Jorimit	The Iorim
Jorkeamit	York
Josafati	Jehoshaphat
Josafatit	Jehoshaphat
Josefi	Joseph
Josekut	Josekut
Josesë	Jose
Joseut	Joseut
josh	josh
Joshafati	Jehoshaphat
Joshahi	Josh
Joshaviahu	Joshaviah
Joshbekashahu	Joshbekashahu
Josheb	Josheb
joshëse	SEDUCTIVE
Joshibiahut	Joshibiahut
joshja	BAIT
Joshuai	Joshuai
Joshuait	Joshuait
Joshuanë	Joshua
joshur	lure
Josia	Josiah
Josian	Josian
Josias	Josiah
Josif	Josip
Josifi	Joseph
Josifiahut	Josiphiah
Josifinë	Josephine
Josifit	Joseph
Josifnë	Joseph
Josisë	Josiah
jot	jot
Jotbahu	Jotbahu
Jotbath	Jotbath
Jotbathah	Jotbathah
Jotbathahu	Jotbathahu
jote	YOUR
jotë	jot
jotea	to play
joteja	jots
jotëja	yours
Jotham	Jotham
Jothami	Jothami
Jothamin	Jothamin
Jothamit	Jothamite
Jothemi	Jothemi
Jothori	Jothori
jotja	yours
Jotsadakut	I'm joking.
Jovavi	Reply
Joz	Jazz
Jozabad	Jehozabad
Jozabadi	Jozabadi
Jozafat	Jehoshaphat
Jozafati	Jehoshaphat
Jozafatin	Jehoshaphat
Jozafatit	Jehoshaphat
Jozakari	Jozakari
Jozbadi	Jozbadi
Jozef	Joseph
Jozefi	JOSEPH
Jozefin	Joseph
Jozefit	JOSEPH
Jozue	Joshua
Jozueu	Joshua
Jozueun	Joshua
Jozueut	Joshua
Jozueutdhe	Joshua and
Jshni	Isui
jshtë	it is
Jshua	Ishvah
ju	after all
jua	sun
juaj	YOUR
juaja	YOUR
juaji	yours
Jubal	Jubal
jubile	jubilee
jubileu	jubilee
jubileut	jubilee
Jud	Jude
Juda	Very
judaike	Jewish
judaizëm	Judaism
judaizmit	Judaism
jude	jude
Judë	Judah
Judea	Judea
judease	judease
Judeja	Judeja
Judën	Judah
Judenë	The Jews
judenj	Jewish
judenjsh	Jewish
judenjte	Jewish forces
judenjtë	Jews
judenjve	Jewish
Judës	Judah
Judesë	Judah
judeu	Jewish
judeun	Jew
judeut	judeut
Judha	Judah
Judhaisht	Jewish
Judhë	South
Judhën	Judhan
Judhënë	Unlucky
Judhërit	The Jews
Judhesë	Judea
Judhësë	Judas
Judithënë	Judith
Juditin	Judith
juei	juei
juej	you
jueja	you
jug	jug
juga	Also
jugë	south
jugerë	acres
jugeri	juggler
juglindje	SouthEast
juglindjes	southeastward
juglindore	EAST
jugor	SOUTHERN
jugore	SOUTHERN
jugperëndimi	southwest
jugu	south
jugun	SOUTHERN
jugut	South
jui	jui
Jukali	Yukali
Jul	Jul
Juli	July
Julian	Julian
Julisë	Julia
Junën	June
Junisë	June
Jupiter	Jupiter
Jupiterit	Jupiter
juridiksionit	jurisdiction
juristin	lawyer
juristit	lawyers
jush	YOU
Jushab	Jushab
Justi	Feel
justifikimin	excuse
justifikohemi	excuse ourselves
justifikohesh	justified
justifikon	justifies
justifikoni	justify
justifikonte	justified
justifikuar	justified
Jutahu	Millionaire
Jutahun	One year
Juvall	Juvall
juve	juve
juvet	the gorge
juvve	juve
k	k
ka	the
kabi	such as
Kaboni	Carbon
Kabtseeli	Kabzeel
Kabulit	Kabuli
kacafytje	scrimmage
kacafytjes	clash
kacavarëse	vine
kacavarur	kakavarur
kacavjerrë	creeper
kacekë	bellows
kacekët	bellows
kacitë	the trays
kaçube	shrub
kaçubeje	shrubs
kaçubeve	bushes
kaçupe	kacupe
kaçupetë	hat
kaçurrelat	locks
kaçurrelave	Curl
kadalë	Kadal
Kadësë	Kadesh
Kadesh	Kadesh
Kadeshi	Kadesh
Kadeshin	Kadeshin
Kadeshit	Kadeshit
Kadhesa	Kadesh
Kadhësë	Kadesh
Kadheshit	Kadheshit
Kadmiel	Kadmiel
Kadmieli	Kadmieli
Kadmielit	Kadmiel
kadmonenjtë	Cadmonians
Kaf	Purchase
Kafarnaum	Kafarnaum
Kafarnaumin	Capernaum
Kafarnaumit	Capernaum
kafaz	cage
kafazin	the cage
Kafka	Kafka
kafkë	skull
kafkën	Kafka
kafkës	Kafka
kafsh	animals
kafsha	animal
kafshat	animals
kafshatë	mouthful
kafshatën	morsel
kafshatës	sop
kafshavet	animals
kafshe	ANIMAL
kafshë	beast
kafshën	animal
kafshënë	the animal
kafshërishte	animalistic
kafshës	animal
kafshësë	the animal
kafshësh	ANIMAL
kafshët	animals
kafshëtë	animals
kafshëve	ANIMAL
kafshëvet	animals
kafshimi	biting
kafshn	kafshn
kafshohet	bitten
kafshojë	bite
kafshojnë	bite
kafshon	bites
kafshoni	bite
kafshonin	bit
kafshonte	bitten
kafshuar	bitten
kafshuarë	bitten
Kaftori	Caphtorim
kaftorimët	Caphthorim
Kaftorimëtë	Caphtorim
Kaftorit	Caphtorim
kah	huh
kaha	strength
kahershëm	longstanding
kahershme	longstanding
Kahu	Nurse
Kaiafa	Caiaphas
Kaiafë	Kaiafë
Kaiafën	Caiaphas
Kaiafës	Caiaphas
Kaiafësë	Caiaphas
Kaifa	And you
Kainamit	Kainamit
Kainani	Cousin
Kainanit	Ragged
kainë	Cain
Kaini	Take me
kainin	eat
Kaininë	Cain
kainit	heat
Kaisari	Caesar
Kaisariet	Kaisariet
Kaisarinë	Caesarea
Kaisarisë	Caesarea
Kaisarit	Kaisarit
Kajafa	Caiaphas
Kajafaishte	Kajafaishte
Kajafë	Caiaphas
Kajafën	Caiaphas
Kajafës	Caiaphas
Kakoli	Kakoli
kal	go
kala	separate
Kalahun	Kalahun
Kalahut	Kalahut
kalaja	the castle
kalaje	castle
kalamaj	pap
kalanë	Castle
kalasë	Kalas
kalatë	quay
kalave	gravity
kalavet	kalavet
kalb	kalb
kalben	in my heart
kalbësira	rottenness
kalbësirë	rottenness
kalbet	rot
kalbëta	rotten
kalbetë	rotten
kalbëtë	rotten
kalbja	decay
kalbje	decay
kalbjen	decay
kalbjes	decay
kalbshëm	corruptible
kalbur	rotten
kalburë	rotten
kalcedoni	chalcedony
Kalde	Call
Kaldea	Chaldea
kaldeas	kaldeas
kaldeasi	Chaldea
kaldeasish	kaldeasish
kaldeasit	kaldeasit
kaldeasve	kaldeasve
Kaldesë	Chaldea
kalë	horse
Kaleb	Kaleb
Kalebi	Caleb
Kalebit	Kalebit
kalem	pen
kalënë	the horse
kalëri	Kaleri
kalëria	cavalry
kalërin	the horse
kalërinë	the cavalry
kalërit	horses
kalëro	rIDES
kalëron	rides
kalëronin	riding
kalëronte	sat
kalërosh	horseman
kalëruar	ridden
kalësisë	cavalry
kali	time
kalim	deep
kalimeve	crossing
kalimi	PASSING
kalimin	Over
kalimit	CROSSING
kalimtar	TRANSITIONAL
kalimtare	TRANSITIONAL
kalimtarë	bystanders
kalimtarët	passers
kalimtarëve	goer
kalimtari	passerby
kalimtarin	forget
kalimthi	in passing
kalin	kalin
kalit	sUDDENLY
Kalkoli	Calculations
kall	cold
kalla	call
kallaballëk	crowded
Kallai	Kallai
kallaj	tin
kallaji	tin
kallajin	tin
kallajinë	tin
kallam	reed
kallama	to pour
kallamar	squid
kallamarin	the squid
kallame	bulrush
kallami	reed
kallamin	reed
kallaminë	reed
kallamishte	reeds
kallamishtën	flags
kallamishtësë	reedbed
kallamishtet	canebrake
kallamishteve	canebrake
kallamit	reed
kallamnë	reed
kallauza	salesman
kallç	lime
kalldrëm	causeway
kalldrëmi	paving
kalldrëmit	pavement
kallë	Kalla
kallen	kallen
kallësë	callus
kallëza	gleanings
kallëzeës	predicate
kallëzeësi	predicate
kallëzesha	predicate
kallëzi	accusation
kallëzim	narration
kallëzime	narration
kallëzimtore	denunciation
kallëzimtorë	informants
kallëzoijnë	they report
kallëzoj	sneak
kallëzojë	speak
kallëzojëmë	report me
kallëzojënë	the accuser
kallëzojnë	report this
kallëzon	utter
kallëzonej	was reported
kallëzonem	we are accused
kallëzoneni	report it
kallëzoni	denouncing
kallëzonjënë	the accuser
kallëzuan	denounced
kallëzuanë	they accused
kallëzuarë	reported
kallëzuari	persons reported
kallëzuem	alleged
kallëzuenë	predicate
kallfë	journeyman
kalli	look
kallī	look
kallinj	ears
kallinjt	expensive
kallinjtë	ears
kallinjve	ears of corn
kallirin	expensive
kallje	deceived
kallkan	callcan
kallmë	reed
kallmëni	calmness
Kallna	Cold
kallnë	calla lily
kallni	call me
kallnin	call me
kallnit	instil
kallsh	kallsh
kalltë	cold
kallturë	scumbag
kallturit	the scoundrels
kallu	callus
kallur	cold
kallzim	denunciation
kallzojënë	the accuser
Kalmehu	Kale juice
Kalneh	Kalneh
Kalnoja	Kalnoya
kalo	if
kalofsha	Have a
kaloftë	let it pass
kalohej	was passed
kalohen	passed
kalohet	GOING
kaloi	PASSED
kaloj	PASS
kaloja	fish
kaloje	pass it
kalojë	pass
kalojeni	Thread
kalojmë	COPING
kalojnë	STEPPING
kalon	PASS
kaloni	pass
kalonim	pass
kalonin	crossing
kalonit	passed
kalonte	passing
kalorës	KNIGHTS
kalorësa	knight
kalorësatë	knight
kalorësi	knighthood
kalorësia	cavalry
kalorësin	knighthood
kalorësisë	Mounted
kalorësish	horsemen
kalorësit	HORSEMEN
kalorësitë	cavalry
kalorësve	knights
kalori	calories
kalorisë	calorific
kalosh	GOING
kalova	kalova
kalp	heart
kalpnë	calpne
kalt	called
kaltra	Azure
kalua	second
kaluam	Passed
kaluan	passed
kaluar	out
kaluara	History
kaluarë	past by
kaluarën	past
kaluarës	past
kaluari	come out
kaluat	Passed
kaluem	we passed
kaluen	passed
kaluenë	past
kaluer	kaluer
kam	came
Kamait	Kamait
kamare	room
kamarë	niche
kamaren	camera
kamaret	camera
kamarierëve	waiters
kamarierit	waiter
kamatë	interest
kamatënë	interest
kamb	comb
kamba	rope
kambe	but
kambë	Cambe
kambën	they walked
kambënë	bell
kambësh	kamba
kambët	legs
kambëtë	legs
kambëvet	legs
kambiet	chat
kamburjasurë	hunchback
kamçi	whip
kamë	spike
kameleoni	chameleon
kamerierëve	Waitresses
kamësit	the rich
Kami	We
Kamieli	Camel
kamilevet	camilevet
kamilla	chamomile
kamille	chamomile
kamilleja	chamomiles
kamillen	chamomile
kamillenë	chamomile
kamillesë	chamomile
kamillesh	perfect
kamillet	chamomile
kamilletë	chamomile
kamillevet	chamomile
kamillopardhalla	kamillopardhalla
Kamin	Fireplace
kamina	fireplace
Kamit	Kamit
Kamon	Bow
kamp	match
kampe	fights
kampet	CAMPS
kampeve	camps
kampi	cAMP
kampin	crank
kampion	sample
kampionëve	champions
kampit	camp
kamur	heeled
kamxhik	whip
kamxhikë	whip
kamxhiku	whip
kamxhikun	the whip
kamzhik	whip
kan	can
kana	not at all
Kanaan	With this
kanaaneas	Canaaneas
kanaanease	chicken coop
kanaaneases	in the cananaean
kanaaneasi	Canaaneasi
kanaaneasja	kananeasja
kanaaneasve	Canaaneasve
kanaanenjtë	Canaanites
kanaanenjve	canaanenjve
Kanaanësë	Canaan
kanaaneu	sixty
Kanaani	Canaan
Kanaanin	Canaan
Kanaanit	Canaan
Kanah	Kanah
Kanahut	Kanahut
Kanaishte	Kanaishte
Kanaja	Kanja
kanal	channel
kanale	channels
kanalet	Channels
kanaleve	channel
kanalit	CHANNEL
kanalizoi	sewers
Kanan	Right
Kananin	Small
Kananit	Canaan
kananitas	cananitas
kananitase	cananinate
kananitasi	canitation
Kananiti	Canaanite
Kananitin	Kananitin
Kananitnë	Canaanite
Kanasë	Canada
kanat	wing
kanata	Canada
kanate	folding
kanatë	can
kanatet	doors
kanateve	gates
Kancelari	CHANCELLOR
kand	child
Kandaces	Candace
Kandakanuk	Kandakanuk
Kandakës	Candace
Kandakësë	Candace
kandar	drive
kandarë	steelyard
Kandari	Kandari
Kandhakësë	Kandhaka
kandil	oil lamp
kandilat	candlestick
kandile	lamp
Kandilej	Kandilej
kandilëj	candle
kandileja	candidate
kandilen	candle
kandilenë	candlestick
kandilesë	lamp
kandilet	candelabra
kandiletë	candlestick
kandilevet	width of the foot
kandili	holy night
kandilier	chandeliers
kandilierëtë	chandeliers
kandilieri	candlesticks
kandilin	lamp
kandilinë	candlestick
kanë	HAVE
Kanehu	Darkness
kanella	cinnamon
kanellë	cinnamon
kanellën	cinnamon
kanën	Cannes
kanistër	ark
kanistra	canister
kanistratë	canister
kanistrë	canister
kanistrën	basket
kanistrët	canisters
Kank	Kank
kanka	yourself
kankash	cankash
kankatorëtë	singers
kankatuer	kankatuer
kanke	kanke
kankë	canker
kanken	canken
kankën	the canker
kankënë	the canker
kankësh	canker
kankët	cankers
Kanon	Kanon
kanoni	canon
kanonistë	canonists
kanos	horny
Kanosi	Kanosi
kanosí	canoe
Kanosia	Kanosia
kanosira	sometimes
kanosit	kanosit
kanosjen	threat
kant	kant
kante	sides
kantet	angular
kantevet	edged
kanti	and
kantik	hymn
kantikët	song
kantikëve	Solomon
kantiku	canticle
kantikun	canticle
kantina	cafeteria
kantit	Kant
kanunet	canons
kanuninë	canon
kanxhat	hooks
kap	looking
kapa	or
kapacitet	capacity
kapaciteti	CAPACITy
kapacitetit	capacity
kapadaillëkun	mouth now
Kapadhoqi	Kapadhoqi
Kapadoki	Cappadocia
Kapadokisë	Cappadocia
kapak	lid
kapaku	COVER
kapakun	Hood
kapar	driftwood
kapardiset	capardise
kapari	capers
kaparin	full
kapçatënë	the cap
kapçatësë	captcha
kape	coffee
kapë	sheaf
kapedanë	captain
kapedanët	captains
kapedanëve	captains
kapedani	captain
kapëm	caught
kapen	caught
kapën	sheaf
kapeni	cover
kapërcefsh	overcome
kapërcehej	passed over
kapërcehen	overcome
kapërcehet	overcome
kapërcein	overcome
kapërcej	overcome
kapërceja	pass through
kapërceje	Dismiss
kapërcejë	transcend
kapërcejënë	overcome
kapërcejmë	OVERCOMING
kapërcejnë	OVERCOMING
kapërcejsh	overcome
kapërcen	MEET
kapërceni	skip
kapërcenin	overcome
kapërceninë	overcome
kapërcenj	overcome
kapërcenjë	overpass
kapërcenjënë	overcoming
kapërcente	overcome
kapërcesh	skip
kapërceu	overcame
kapërceva	overcame
kapërceve	you overcame
kapërcim	crossing
kapërcimin	overcome
kapërcyem	overcame
kapërcyemesë	overcoming
kapërcyen	overcame
kapërcyenë	overcome
kapërcyer	Crossing
kapërcyerë	overcome
kapërcyeri	crossing
kapërcyetë	overcome
kapërcymë	overcome
kapërcynë	overcome
kapërdimë	somersault
kapërdini	skip
Kapernaum	Capernaum
Kapernaumë	Capernaum
Kapernaumit	Capernaum
kapërxenjënë	overpass
kapëse	clip
kapëset	clasps
kapëseve	clasps
kapesh	caught
kapësh	catch
kapeshin	were caught
kapet	caught
kapët	arrest
kapëtoi	he/she/it conquered
kapëtonjç	captain
kapi	cover
kapice	caps
kapidanat	captains
kapidani	commander
kapim	catch
kapin	MORE
Kapini	Cabin
kapistër	bridle
kapistra	capistr
kapitan	captain
kapitanat	captaincy
kapitani	captain
kapitanin	captain's
kapitanit	captain
kapitel	chapter
kapitele	chapters
kapitelet	the chapter
kapiteli	capitals
kapitelin	chapter
kapitelit	capitals
kapiten	captain
kapitenësh	captains
kapitenët	captains
kapitenëve	captains
kapiteni	captain
kapitenin	captain
kapitenit	captain
kapitjen	captain
KAPITULLI	ChAPTER
kapitur	chapter
kapitura	chapter
kapja	gets
kaplon	overtakes
kapluan	overwhelmed
kapnë	catch
kapni	to receive
kapnim	kapnim
kapnin	seize
Kappadoki	Cappadocia
kaproj	goats
kaprojtë	deer
kaprolle	roe
kaprolli	deer
kapruall	kapruall
kapruallë	deer
kaprualli	kaprualli
kapruallinë	carp
kapshatë	catch
kapshofshi	kapshofshi
kapte	caught
kaptë	catch
KAPTIINA	CAPTAIN
KAPTINA	Chapter
kaptuam	captuaam
kapuçat	Kapuchat
kapun	at the gate
kapunë	Kapuna
kapuni	cap
kapur	kapur
kaq	LOOKING
kaqë	that much
kaqi	only
karabullakun	carabullakun
karagjozllëqe	entertained
karakollë	booth
karakter	character
karakterizohet	characterized
karakterizon	characterizes
karaull	karaul
karav	caravan
karave	Karave
karavetë	carp
karavevet	karavevet
karavi	car
karavit	karavita
karavnë	caravan
karbonizohet	burned
karbonizuar	carbonized
karbonkë	charcoal
karcalec	card player
karcaleca	crab
karcalecit	carchalecite
karceni	karceni
karcenjën	the cancer
karceu	cancer
karcyem	scratch
karcyenë	cancer
karcyetë	carcase
Kareahut	Caree
Karit	Challenge
Karkaas	That's it.
karkalec	shrimp
karkaleca	grasshopper
karkalecash	locusts
karkalecat	locusts
karkalecatë	grasshoppers
karkalecave	locust
karkalecë	locusts
karkalecëvet	locusts
karkaleci	locust
karkalecin	locusts
karkalecit	locust
Karkasin	I ran away.
Karkemish	Karkemish
Karkemishi	Karkemishi
Karkor	Karkor
Karmel	Caramel
Karmeli	Carmel
Karmelit	Carmel
karmelitën	Carmel
karmelitja	Carmel
Karmi	Harsh
Karmilli	Karmill
Karmillit	Karmillit
Karmit	Frames
karmitëve	Charmites
karnaim	karnaim
Karnaimin	Karnaimin
Karpit	Karpit
Karposë	Karpoš
Karqemisha	Karqemisha
karrige	chair
karrigen	seat
karriges	seat
karroca	carriage
Karrocat	shopping cart
karrocavet	carriages
karrocë	cart
karrocën	wheelbarrow
karrocier	coachman
karrocierit	charioteer
karron	karron
Karshena	My end
karshi	against
kart	kart
karta	can
Kartahin	Cartahin
Kartanin	Kartan
karte	map
kartë	card
kartën	Charter
kartënë	the card
kartëra	cards
kartërat	sump
kartëratë	quarter
kartëravet	the cards
kartësë	card
kartet	the map
kartëzë	card
kartëzën	the card
kartëzënë	business card
karvan	caravan
karvanë	Caravans
Karvanet	The caravans
kasaba	cassava
kasaphanë	slaughter
kasapi	member
kasën	beams
kashta	embroidery
kashtë	straw
kashtën	straw
kashtënë	straw
kashtës	straw
kashtësë	straw
kasie	cashier
Kasifias	Kasifias
kasluhimët	Casluhites
kasnec	herald
kasnecë	proclamation
kasneci	Crier
kasolle	hut
kasollë	hut
kasollësë	hut
kasollet	huts
kasolleve	Booths
kassi	cat
kassie	box
kasta	each
kastat	thrown
kasteli	watered
kastëll	castle
kastella	irrigate
kastës	caste
Kastore	Kastore
Kastori	castor
kastravecat	cucumbers
kat	at
katadhikasjë	katadhikasjë
katadhikasjënë	katadhikasjënë
katadhiknë	the least
katafronisnë	cataphronism
katafronisni	cataphronis
kataha	awe
Katahun	Year
kataklismoi	cataclysms
kataklismoit	cataclysm
katandis	render
katandisa	start
katandisë	distress
katandisen	comparison
katandisesh	, come
katandisësh	reduce me
katandiset	diminished
katandisi	cat
katandisin	katandisin
katandisur	reduced
kataraktet	cataract
katarisi	catarrh
katarraktevet	cataracts
Kataskopëtë	Catascopes
katastash	katastash
katastasnë	cadastral
katastrofën	disaster
kate	kate
katedrën	Department
kategori	category
katër	four
katëratë	foursome
Katerdhetë	Four-legged
katërdhetë	forty
katërfish	quadruple
katërkëmbëja	quadruped
katërkëmbësh	quadruped
katërkëmbësha	quadrupeds
katërkëmbëshat	fours
katërkëmbëshave	quadrupeds
katërkëmbëshe	fours
katërkëmbësheve	four-footed
katërkëmbëshve	beast
katërkëndësh	quadrilateral
katërkëndëshe	quadrilateral
katërkëndëshi	rectangle
katërmbëdhjeta	fourteen
katërmbëdhjetë	fourteen
katërmbëdhjetëtë	the fourteenth
katërmbëdhjeti	fourteenth
katërmijë	four thousand
katërqind	FOUR hundred
katërt	FOUR
katërta	quarters
katërtë	quarters
katërtën	fourth
katërtënë	the fourth
katërtësë	foursome
katërti	fourth
katërtit	fourth
katërve	Four
katet	cover
kateve	floors
kati	middle
katigori	category
katigorira	category
katigorisë	category
katigorisjëtë	category
katigorisurë	categorized
katin	card
katiqisurë	catechism
katit	floor
katra	each
katran	tar
katrë	four
katrëmbëdhieta	thirteenth
katrëmbëdhietë	thirteenth
katrëmbëdhietënë	thirteenth
katrëmbëdhietinë	the fourteenth
katrëshurësh	thirty-four
katrëta	four
katrëtë	four
katrëtën	the fourth
katrëtënë	fourth
katrëti	fourth
katrëtinë	the fourth
katror	foursquare
katrore	foursquare
katrorë	square
katrurdhënarinë	the gift of giving
katrurdhës	every day
katrurdhësi	every day
Katsin	I tried.
katund	village
katundarin	katundarin
katunde	villages
katundet	village
katundetë	village
katundevet	katundevet
katundi	ka
katundit	Katundi
kau	you
Kauda	Stop
Kaudaose	Kaudaose
kaun	who
kaut	although
kauzë	cause
kauzën	cause
kazan	kazan
kazanë	bins
kazermë	cantonment
kazmat	kazmat
kdhi	kdhi
kdhihej	woke up
kdhirë	dawn
ke	the
kë	WHO
Kebar	New
kec	kec
keç	daughter
keca	slang
kecat	piffle
kecave	Kecs
këceijnë	kèceijnë
këcen	cool
këcenjë	cat
këcenjënë	the cat
këceu	this
Kecib	Kecib
këcierë	goat
kecin	only
Kedar	Kedar
Kedari	Cedar
Kedarit	translations cedarite
Kedemahu	Kedemah
Kedemothi	Kedemothi
Kedemothit	Kedemothit
Kedesh	Kadesh
Kedeshi	Kadesh
Kedeshin	Kedeshin
Kedeshit	Kedesh
kedha	chain
Kedhari	translations קרוריה
kedhatë	sad
kedhavet	kedhavet
kedhin	kitchen
kedhinë	the scoundrel
Kedhmonetëtë	Coins
Kedmothin	Kedmothin
këdo	anyone
Kedorlaomeri	Kedorlaomer
Kedorlaomerit	Chedorlaomerite
Kedron	Kedron
Kedronit	Kidron
Kedronitrrjedh	The Kidron Valley
Kedronvet	Kedronvet
Kefa	Brush
Kefai	Kefai
Kefait	Kefait
Kefar	Kefar
Kefën	Cephas
Kefës	Cephas
Kefirahu	Kefirah
Kefirahut	Kefirahut
Kegkrea	Kegkrea
Kehathi	Kohath
Kehathit	Kehathit
kehathitët	Kohathites
kehathitëve	Ko'hath
Kehelathah	Disgust
Kehelathahu	The problem is that
Keilahut	Bowling alleys
Kejlah	The sky
Kejlahu	Kejlahu
Kejlahun	The best
Kejlahut	Keilah
këjo	Kejoe
Kelajahu	Future
Kelali	Hello
Keliahut	Keliahut
Kelita	Alone
këllaç	baker
këllas	Kellas
këllasë	song
këllasënë	the choir
këllasi	slang
këllëfi	holster
këllëfin	the sheath
këlliste	was singing
këllitesh	you cry
këlqere	shoe
këlqereje	shoelace
këlqeresë	shoemaker
këlthas	cry
këlthasë	cry
këlthasim	call!
këlthasin	cry
këlthasinë	the loudness
këlthet	squawk
Këlthisni	Howl
këlthitnin	cried
Kelubai	Kelubai
Kelubit	Tweezers
Keluhi	Keluhi
këlysh	ling
këlyshë	cubs
këlyshët	dogs
këlyshëve	cubs
këlyshi	cub
këlyshin	the puppy
këlysht	puppy
këlyshtë	puppy
këlyshvet	puppies
kem	cream
këmb	Reversal
këmba	leg
këmbe	Pedal
këmbë	FOOT
këmbehet	exchanged
këmbeje	Change it
këmbejë	exchange
këmbëjen	the foot
këmbejënë	exchange
këmbëjevet	legs
këmbejnë	exchange
këmbën	leg
këmbënë	the leg
këmbenenë	bell
këmbenetë	bell
këmbëngul	insist
këmbëngulës	persistent
këmbëngulja	Perseverance
këmbëngulje	persistence
këmbënguljen	perseverance
këmbënguljes	perseverance
këmbëngulni	insist
këmbenin	switch
këmbente	betray
këmbës	leg
këmbësë	foot
këmbesh	leg
këmbësh	-footer
këmbësorë	pedestrian
këmbësorët	PEDESTRIANS
këmbësuar	pedestrian
këmbet	their legs
këmbët	FEET
këmbëtë	legs
këmbëve	ankles
këmbëvekonsiderohej	feet were considered
këmbëvet	legs
këmbëzbathur	barefooted
këmbienë	exchange
këmbierë	foot
këmbieritë	exchanges
këmbim	exchange
këmbime	EXCHANGE
këmbimit	RATE
këmbore	Këmbora
këmborëza	small stone
këmborëzatë	black-footed
këmborëzë	stone
këmbyes	changers
këmbyesit	changers
këmbyesve	changers
kemi	HAVE
këmisha	SHIRTS
këmishën	shirt
këmishënë	shirt
këmishëra	shirt
këmishëzat	shirts
Kemoshi	Chemosh
Kemoshin	Kemoshin
Kemoshit	Chemosh
Kemuel	Kemuel
Kemueli	Computer
Kemuelit	Kemuelit
Kemuilinë	Kemuillina
ken	ken
kena	hit
Kenaanahu	I'm sorry
Kenaanahut	Forest protection
Kenac	Kenac
Kenaci	Kenaci
Kenajahu	Explore
Kenani	Canaan
Kenaniahu	Kenaniahu
Kenanit	Kenan
kënaq	please
kënaqë	satisfy
kënaqej	enjoyed
Kënaqëja	Pleasure
kënaqëje	please
kënaqëjet	pleasures
kënaqem	delight
kënaqemi	enjoy
kënaqen	enjoy
kënaqën	enjoyed
kënaqenë	enjoy
kënaqeni	enjoy yourself
kënaqesh	enjoy
kënaqesha	Rejoicing
kënaqeshin	enjoyed
kënaqësi	pleasure
kënaqësia	pleasure
kënaqësie	pleasure
kënaqësinë	SATISFACTION
kënaqësira	delicacies
kënaqësisë	SATISFACTION
kënaqësish	delightful
kënaqësitë	pleasures
kënaqësive	pleasures
kënaqet	delight
kënaqi	indulging
kënaqiesh	pleasure
kënaqievet	pleasures
kënaqin	indulging
kënaqni	gratify
kënaqnjë	satisfaction
kënaqshme	SATISFACTORY
kënaqtë	please
kënaqu	ENJOY
kënaquna	we enjoyed
kënaqunë	enjoyed
kënaquni	enjoy yourself
kënaqunit	enjoy yourself
kënaqur	HAPPY
kënaqurit	SATISFACTION
kënaquritë	pleasures
kenarqë	canary
Kenathin	Kenathin
Kenaz	Kenaz
Kenazi	Kenaz
Kenazit	Kenazite
kend	cloth
kënd	angle
këndai	sing
këndej	this way
këndet	corners
këndim	canto
këndit	corner
këndo	Kendo
Këndofshin	shout
këndoftë	let it sing
këndohenë	are sung
këndoheshin	sung
këndohet	sung
këndohetë	sung
këndoi	sang
këndoijnë	they sing
këndoim	we sang
këndoimë	we sang
këndoishinë	singing
këndoj	sing
këndojë	crow
këndojënë	singing
këndojinë	singing
këndojini	Sing
këndojmë	sing
këndojnë	sing
këndojsh	sing
këndon	sings
këndonetë	songbird
këndoni	sing
këndonim	sing
këndonin	chanting
këndonj	sing
këndonjam	we sing
këndonjë	song
këndonjënë	singing bowl
këndonjinë	singing
këndonte	singing
këndosh	sing
këndshëm	enchanting
këndshme	pleasant
kënduan	sang
kënduanë	they sang
kënduar	singing
kënduara	sung
kënduarë	singing
kënduarit	singing
këndue	Kendu
kënduem	we sang
kënduemesë	singer
kënduemit	we sing
kënduenë	singing
këndumë	song
këndunë	corner
këndyi	sing
këndyj	I am hungry.
kenë	HAVE
kenenjtë	Kenyans
kenenjve	know
kënetat	marshes
kënetë	slough
Kenetët	The Kennets
kënetët	swamps
keneu	coal
keneut	who
Kenezetët	The Kenes
kënga	SONG
kënge	Lyrics
këngë	SONG
këngën	song
këngëra	songs
këngës	song
këngësh	song
këngët	SONGS
këngëtare	singer
këngëtarë	singers
këngëtarësh	singers
këngëtaret	singers
këngëtarët	singers
këngëtareve	singing
këngëtarëve	singers
këngëtari	singer
këngëve	the songs
këngëvet	songs
keni	HAVE
kenik	kenik
kenikë	choenix
kenizenjtë	Kenyans
Kenizeu	Kenizeu
Kënk	Song
kënka	Kenka
kënke	song
kënkë	song
kënkën	the song
kënkënë	song
kënkësh	five
kënkët	songs
kënkëtorëtë	the singers
kënkëtuar	sung
kënkëtuer	singing
Kenkre	Kenkre
Kenkrea	Cenchreae
Kenkreaishte	Cenchreae
Kenkreas	Cenchreae
kens	ken
kepi	stick
kepin	stick
këpuç	shoe
këpuca	shoes
këpucë	FOOTWEAR
këpucënë	the shoe
këpucësh	shoe
këpucët	footwear
këpucëtë	shoes
këpucëve	SHOE
këpucëvet	shoes
këpus	pluck
këpusë	lopping
këpusha	mites
këpushatë	tick
këpusim	snapping
këpusin	pluck
këpusmë	snap
këpusnin	they plucked
këpuste	smashed
këput	snapped
këputa	plucked
këpute	cut
këputej	to break
këputen	cut off
këputën	plucked
këputenë	snap
këputesh	cut off
këputeshinë	the clumsiness
këputet	cut off
këputetë	break
këputi	cropped
këputim	break
këputnë	snap
këputni	cut off
këputnin	plucked
këputnjë	snap
këputshinë	shoelace
këputunë	we broke
këputur	plucked
këputura	torn
këputurë	rupture
këputurit	are weak
keq	bad
keqa	what is wrong
keqardhje	REGRETS
keqas	badly
keqbërës	culprit
keqbërëse	evildoing
keqbërësi	Offender
keqbërësin	wrongdoer
keqbërësish	evildoing
keqbërësit	Perpetrators
keqbërësve	evildoers
keqbërje	wrongdoing
keqdashëse	malicious
keqdashje	malignancy
keqe	PTI
keqë	bad weather
keqea	bad
keqeja	evil
keqeje	evil
keqejesë	evil
keqen	evil
keqenë	evil
keqes	WRONG
keqesë	evil
keqësie	wickedness
keqësojnë	exacerbating
keqet	cake
keqi	bad
këqi	bad
keqia	bad
këqia	worst
këqiash	bad
këqiat	evils
këqiatë	evil
këqiavet	evils
keqie	keqie
këqij	bad
këqija	bad
këqijat	cons
këqijave	cons
këqijsh	bad guys
këqijt	cons
këqijtë	worst
këqijve	wicked
këqijvet	the bad guys
keqin	wicked
keqinë	evil
këqinj	Black sheep
këqinjtë	wicked
keqinterpretuar	misinterpreted
këqish	bad
keqit	wicked
këqitë	evils
këqivet	bad guys
keqja	evil
keqt	bad
keqtë	the bad ones
keqtrajtime	mistreatment
keqtrajto	mistreat
keqtrajtohen	mistreated
keqtrajtoheshin	mistreated
keqtrajtohet	mistreated
keqtrajtoi	entreated
keqtrajtojnë	spitefully
keqtrajton	afflict
keqtrajtoni	crush
keqtrajtonin	mistreating
keqtrajtuan	mistreated
keqtrajtuar	mistreated
këqyr	scan
këqyra	examined the
këqyrë	inspect
këqyrej	I was looking.
këqyrësh	only look
këqyri	examined
këqyrin	inspect
këqyrni	Take note
këqyrte	look
këqyrunë	watchful
Keramim	Keramim
Kerani	Clerk
Kerazi	Incense
kërcasë	clicks
kërce	crust
kërcej	bounce
kërcejë	leap
kërcejve	stalks
kërcell	stem
kërcëllejnë	they growl
kërcelli	stem
kërcëllijë	grind
kërcëllijnë	gnash
kërcëllim	gnashing
kërcëllimë	crackling
kërcëllimi	gnashing
kërcellin	the stem
kërcëllin	gnashes
Kërcëllininë	The creepiness
Kërcëlloishinë	Kérçeloishine
kërcëllojë	grind
kërcëllon	gnashes
kërcëllonin	gnashed
kërcëlluan	they crunched
kërcen	pop
kërceni	dancing
kërcënim	threat
kërcënime	threats
kërcënimet	threat
kërcënimi	threat
kërcënimin	threat
kërcënimit	threat
kërcenin	danced
kërcenjënë	dance
kërcënohet	threatened
kërcënoi	threatened
kërcënoj	threaten
kërcënojmë	threaten
kërcënojnë	Threatened
kërcënon	threatens
kërcënonte	threatened
kërcente	dancing
kërcënuan	threatened
kërcënuese	threatening
kërcet	Sills
kërceu	jumped
kërcinjtë	legs
kërcinjve	shins
kërcitja	crackling
kërcurit	it is noisy
kërcyen	swayed
kërcyenë	jumping
kërcyer	dance
kërcyerë	jumper
kërcyet	dance
kërcyetë	legs
kërdi	havoc
kërdinë	slaughter
kërdisë	slaughter
kerem	My dear
Keren	Cool
kerethenjtë	the keratonians
kerethenjve	frame heat
Kerioth	Kerioth
Keriothi	Keriothi
Keriothin	Keriothin
Keriothit	Keriothit
Kerith	Kerith
kërkesa	request
kërkesat	requirements
kërkesave	requests
kërkesë	CALL
kërkesën	REQUEST
kërkesës	DEMAND
kërkim	search
kërkime	pioneering
kërkimet	SEARCHES
kërkimetë	research
kërkimi	SEARCHING
kërkimin	search
kërkimit	SEARCHING
kërkimsore	research
kërkimtari	seeker
kërko	search
kërkoç	searcher
kërkofçi	search engine
kërkofsh	search
kërkofshin	evicted
kërkofshinë	search for the village
kërkoftë	avenge
kërkohej	required
kërkohen	Wanted
kërkohet	Wanted
kërkohetë	required
kërkoi	HIS
kërkoijn	they asked
kërkoijnë	they asked
kërkoim	we ask
kërkoimë	we asked
kërkoishinë	they were looking for
kërkoj	REQUEST
kërkoja	ask
kërkoje	search for it
kërkojë	ask
kërkojëm	we ask
kërkojëmë	ask me
kërkojën	they ask
kërkojënë	ask for
kërkojeni	Seek
kërkojëtë	ask for
kërkoji	ask for it
kërkojin	they were looking for
kërkojinë	search for
kërkojmë	SEEKING
kërkojnë	REQUIRING
kërkojsh	search
kërkojshinë	you were looking for
Kërkomë	Call on me
Kërkomëni	Ask me.
kërkon	It requires
kërkonej	was wanted
kërkonetë	you are looking for
kërkoni	Search
kërkonim	ask
kërkonin	sought
kërkoninë	ask for
kërkonit	sought
kërkonj	I want
kërkonjç	looking for
kërkonje	search
kërkonjë	request
kërkonjën	they asked
kërkonjënë	looking for
kërkonjësi	requester
kërkonjsh	you are looking for
kërkonte	sought
kërkontej	was required
kërkosh	Look
kërkova	asked
kërkove	You searched
kërkuam	asked
kërkuan	ASK
kërkuanë	they asked
kërkuar	looking
kërkuara	WANTED
kërkuaratë	request
kërkuarë	looking
kërkuashë	I asked
kërkuat	SPECIFIED
kërkuatë	you asked
kërkuem	The requested
kërkueme	The requested
kërkuen	looking for
kërkuenë	requested
kërma	Carrion
kërmat	carcasses
kërmë	carrion
kërmën	carcase
kërmill	snail
kërmilli	snail
kërminë	snail
Keros	Kerosene
Kerosit	Keros
kërqele	snail
kerre	times
kërriç	foal
kërriçi	The colt
kërriçin	colt
kërrismë	snoring
kërrus	bow
kërrusa	hunchback
kërruse	bend
kërrusesha	bowed down
kërruseshe	hunchback
kërrusetë	the bends
kërrustë	hunchback
kërrusur	bent
kërrusurit	the hunched over
kërsit	you are welcome
kërsitë	the requirements
kërthinja	navel
kërthinjat	navels
kërthinjë	navel
kërthinjëta	navel
kërthinjëtët	the navels
kërthinjëti	navel
kërthiza	UMBILICUS
kërthizë	navel
kërthizët	navels
Kerub	Cherub
kerubë	cherub
kerubët	cherubs
Kerubi	Cherub
kerubimë	cherubim
kerubimët	cherubim
kerubin	cherub
kerubinë	cherubim
kerubinësh	cherubim
kerubinët	cherubim
kerubinëve	cherubim
kerubini	cherubs
kerubinin	kerubinin
kerubinit	cherub
kësai	small
kësaja	this
Kesaloni	Kesaloni
Kesedhinë	Kesedhina
Kesedi	Sadness
kesh	AEC
keshe	you have
keshë	shouldst
keshëm	we have
keshëtë	churches
këshill	COUNCIL
këshilla	advice
këshillat	advice
këshillatë	the deputies
këshillave	COUNCILS
këshillavet	advice
këshille	councils
këshillë	ADVICE
këshillej	advised
këshilleja	advice
këshillëja	advice
këshilleje	advice
këshillen	the advice
këshillën	COUNSEL
këshillenë	the advice
këshillënë	advice
këshillës	counsel
këshillesë	advice
këshillësë	advisor
këshillëset	counselors
këshillësit	advisors
këshillet	COUNCILS
këshillët	councils
këshillëtar	Counsel
këshillëtarët	councilors
këshillëtarinë	the advisory board
këshillevet	advice
këshilli	BOARD
këshillimet	Consultations
këshillimi	COUNSELING
këshillimin	advising
këshillimit	COUNSELING
këshillin	COUNCIL
këshillit	BOARD
këshilllë	advice
këshillo	remind
këshillohem	confer
këshillohemi	inquire
këshillohen	ADVISED
këshilloheni	consult
këshillohesh	CONSULT
këshilloheshin	exhorted
këshillohetë	advised
këshillohu	Consult
këshillohuni	consult
këshilloi	admonished
këshilloj	advise
këshilloje	remind
këshillojë	advise
këshillojeni	advise him/her
këshillojmë	We recommend
këshillojnë	advise
këshilloju	advise
këshillon	cautions
këshillonenë	advice
këshillonetë	advice
këshilloni	advise
këshillonj	advise
këshillonjënë	counselor
këshillonte	beseeching
këshillova	I counseled
këshilltar	ADVISER
këshilltarë	advisers
këshilltarësh	Councilors
këshilltarët	ADVISORS
këshilltarëve	MEMBERS
këshilltarëvet	advisors
këshilltari	COuNSEllER
këshilltarin	Assistant
këshillua	counsel
këshilluam	exhorted
këshilluan	advised
këshilluanë	they advised
këshilluar	Suggested
këshilluem	advised
këshilluen	was suggested
këshilluenë	advised
këshilluese	advisory
keshm	keshm
kështëra	straw
kështërë	thistle
kështjella	CASTLE
kështjellat	castles
kështjellë	castle
kështjellën	castle
kështjellës	the castle
kështu	so
kësi	Such solution
Kesili	Cut
kësish	thus
kësisoj	thus
këso	Such
kësonash	box
kësosh	this
kësulat	hats
Kesuloth	Kesuloth
kësuresh	scolding
ket	is
kët	ket
këta	THIS
ketë	this
këte	this one
këtej	THEREFORE
këteje	here
këtejë	this way
këtejmi	thence
keth	keth
këthe	beth
këthefsh	hairy
këthefshi	this way
këthefshinë	hairiness
këtheftë	even if
këthehei	back
këthehem	I turn around
këthehemi	we turn around
këthehen	are returned
këthehenë	they turn around
këthehesh	turn around
këtheheshin	they turned around
këtheheshinë	they were returning
këthehet	turns around
këthehetë	it's cold
këthehi	turn around
këthehu	turn around
këthei	here
këthejë	return it
këthejënë	the back
këthejnë	they turn
këthejsh	here
Këtheju	Come back.
këthen	turneth
këthenen	they turn around
këthenenë	back
këthenesh	turn around
këthenet	the back
këthenetë	scythe
këtheni	come back
këthenj	hairpin
këthenjç	sly
këthenjë	back
këthenjënë	the back
këthente	hit back
këthenu	back
këtheu	turned around
këtheva	I turned around.
këtheve	these
këtheym	back
këthiellë	sly
këthiellët	the stools
këthiellëta	clear-headed
këthiellëtë	clear-headed
këthiellëtën	the morning glory
këthiellëtësë	clarity
këthiellëti	sobriety
këthiellëtinë	sobriety
këthiellëtitë	the slyness
këthiellëvet	the hatchets
këthielltë	wise
këthmill	scythe
këthy	return
këthye	return
këthyem	we returned
këthyeme	return
këthyemë	we returned
këthyemit	return
këthyemitë	returns
këthyemivet	return
këthyen	they returned
këthyenë	return
këthyerë	back
këthyerët	the returnees
këthyeshë	back
këthyetë	back
këthymë	we returned
këthyrë	sneeze
këti	this one
këtilla	these
këtillë	like this
këtillëtë	like this
këtillëvet	these people
këtilli	thistle
këtit	this one
këtje	here
këto	THESE
Ketsiah	Ketsiah
Ketsitsi	Ketsitsi
këtu	here
Keturah	Keturah
Keturahës	Keturah
Keturahut	Keturaht
këture	provided for these
këturet	here
këturevet	here tonight
këtushme	herein
këtyne	here
këtyneve	these
këtyre	these
këtyreve	this also
kg	kg
ki	to
Kibroth	Kibroth
Kibtsaimi	Kibtsaimy
kiç	summer
kiçi	small
Kidharit	Kidharit
Kidonit	Kidons
Kidron	Kidron
Kidronit	Kidronite
Kifai	Kifay
Kifait	Kifait
kíi	hello
kij	stick
Kije	You are welcome.
Kijeni	you must bear
Kileabi	Kileabi
Kiliki	Click
Kilikia	Cilicia
Kilikiaishte	Kilikiaishte
Kilikinë	Cilicia
Kilikisë	Cilicia
kilikosunë	kilos
Kilion	Chilion
Kilioni	Kilion
Kilionit	Kilonit
Kilmadit	Kilmadit
kilogram	kilogram
kilogramë	pounds
kilometër	kilometer
kilometra	kilometers
Kimham	Kimham
Kimhami	Kimhami
Kimhan	Kimhan
Kinahu	Kinahu
kindi	other
Kinerethi	Kinerethi
Kinerethit	Kinerethit
Kinerothit	Kinerothit
kini	IT
kinia	engine
kinie	at the cinema
Kiosit	Kiosks
Kir	Did
Kirena	Kirena
kirenarëve	Cyrenians
Kirenea	Cyrene
kireneas	kireneas
Kirenës	Cyrene
Kiri	Left
Kiriataim	Kiriathaim
Kiriath	Kiriath
kiriathaim	kiriathaim
Kiriathaimi	Kiriathaim
Kiriathaimin	Kiriath-e-Haimin
Kirin	Make a
Kirit	Cyrus
Kirjath	Book
Kirjathaimi	Bookstore
Kirjathaimin	Bookstore
Kirjathi	Kiryathi
kish	kish
kisha	then
kishash	church
kishat	kishat
kishatë	churches
kishave	churches
kishavet	churches
kishe	church
kishë	church
kishën	Church
kishënë	church
kishës	church
kishësë	churches
kishet	kishet
kishët	churches
Kishi	Person
kishie	stop
kishiem	kishiem
kishim	we had
kishin	they had
kishinë	they had
Kishion	Kishion
Kishionin	Kishion
kishit	Kish
kishitë	you had
kishje	church
kishjem	rainy
kishn	kishn
kishnë	Kishna
kishnjam	kishnjam
kishnje	kishnje
Kishon	Kishon
Kishonit	Kishon
kishte	HAD
kishtë	had
kishtej	had
Kisit	Kisses
kisleut	kisleut
kislevi	kislevi
Kislonit	Kislon
Kisonit	Kisonit
kitaristëve	guitarists
Kitimi	Kitimi
Kitimit	Cyprus
Kitlishi	Kitchen
Kitronit	translations kitronit
Kittimi	Kittim
Kiunin	Kiunin
kizë	scythe
kjo	THIS
klaj	openly
klajsh	sly
klan	klan
klanë	clan
klani	clannish
klanjë	clan
klanjënë	clan
klante	customers
klarë	clear
klarët	clear
klari	Clara
klarit	clarit
klasa	class
klasat	CLASSES
klasave	classes
klasë	CLASSROOM
klasës	class
klatë	class
klau	if
Klaud	Claude
Klauda	Cloud
Klaudë	Claudius
Klaudi	Claudius
Klaudia	Claudia
Klaudiishte	Claudia
Klaudiu	Claudia
Klaudiut	Claudius
Klaudnë	Claudine
Klementin	Klementin
Kleopa	Cleopas
Kleopas	Cleopas
Kleopë	Cleopas
klëthaç	crotch
klëthas	cry
klëthasë	screamer
klëthasënë	the cry
klëthet	cries
klimën	climate
Klimentënë	Clementine
klironom	clironom
klironomë	clironome
klironomi	klironomi
klironomia	clironomia
klironomin	klironomin
klironominë	clironomy
klironomisë	clironomy
klironomisjë	clear
klironomisjënë	clear name
klironomn	klironomn
klisnë	clove
klith	yowl
klitha	klitha
klithe	klithe
klithën	they cried
klithi	cried
klithim	klithim
klithin	cry
klithm	cry
klithma	Screech
klithmat	cries
klithme	cry
klithmë	squall
klithmën	cry
klithmënë	the cry
klithmës	the cry
klithmësë	cry
klithmët	the cries
klithnë	scream
klithni	klithni
klithte	cried
klithunitë	the screams
klithur	klithur
klithurë	klithurë
klithuri	clitoris
klithuritë	the screams
kllamidë	chlamydia
kllamidën	chlamydia
kllapa	bracket
kllapat	brackets
kllapi	delirium
kllas	kllas
kllasë	class
kllasënë	class
Kllavdhi	Kllavdhi
Kllavdhia	Kllavdhia
Kllavdhioi	Kllavdhioi
Kllavdhiut	Kllavdhiut
klloçka	bell
Kllopait	Kllopait
klloshët	the cloches
Kloes	Kloes
Kloesë	Chloe
Klopait	Clopas
Klopës	Klopp
kluaj	klua
Kluaja	Kluaja
kluajit	laugh
kluajsh	laugh
kluajta	I laughed.
kluajte	peck
kluajtë	the crows
kluajti	kluait
kluajtnë	laugh
kluajttë	laugh
kluajtur	laughed
kluajturë	laughing
kluanin	kluan
kluanj	kluanj
kluanjç	kluanjç
kluanjë	clown
kluanjën	the clown
kluanjënë	the clown
kluante	cluing
kluhej	limp
kluhenë	kluhena
kluhesh	you are tired
kluhet	to be cut
kluhetë	kluheta
kluhi	tired
klumësht	lump
klumështi	lump
klumështin	the clumsy one
klumështit	the crumbs
km	km
kmesë	foot
Knidë	Knida
Knidhosë	Knidos
Knidit	Cnidus
Ko	It
Koas	Koas
kobe	kobe
kobi	SME
kobim	SME
kobimevet	kobimevet
kobimi	gloom
kobonjënë	kobonjë
kobshëm	ghoulish
kobshme	ominous
kobuan	in the cube
koçi	chariot
koçia	chariot
koçiet	carriages
koçitë	chariots
kocka	cube
kockat	BONES
kockave	BONES
kocke	cubes
kockë	bone
kockës	bone
kodër	hill
kodin	domestic
kodini	code
kodite	code
koditi	to code
koditnë	codename
koditnjë	code one
kodittë	home
koditun	I am home.
koditunë	cohabitation
kodituri	coders
kodra	Hill
kodrant	codarn
kodrat	nature
kodratë	hill
kodrave	hill
kodravet	hills
kodre	curls
kodrë	hill
kodrën	hill
kodrës	hill
kodrësë	hills
kodrët	hills
kodrinat	mounds
kodrinave	foothill
kodrinë	foothill
kodrinën	hill
kodrinore	hilly
Kof	Kof
kofina	my cup
kofinit	coffin
kofsha	Hips
kofsharëtë	thighs
kofshë	thigh
kofshën	thigh
kofshës	thigh
kofshësë	thighs
kofshët	thighs
kofshëtë	thighs
kofshëve	thighs
kofshtë	thigh
kofshtit	thighs
koh	koh
koha	place
kohat	kohat
Kohathi	Kohath
Kohathit	Kohathit
kohe	immediately
kohë	AGE
koheje	time
kohëje	time
kohën	time
kohëna	times
kohënat	timing
kohënatë	night time
kohënavet	weather forecast
kohënë	time
kohëra	time
kohërash	ages
kohërat	the times
kohëratë	time
kohërave	Time
kohëravet	times
kohërë	time
kohës	time
kohësë	time rate
kohësh	time
kohet	TIMES
kohët	times
kohëtë	times
kohëve	Days
kohëvet	times
kohëzgjatja	duration
kohorta	cohort
Kohortaishte	Cohort
kohortave	cohort
kohortën	cohort
kohortës	cohort
koka	wooden
kokash	kokash
kokat	HEADS
koke	immediately
kokë	HEAD
kokëçarje	headache
kokëforte	stubborn
kokëfortë	stubborn
kokëfortësi	waywardness
kokëfortësinë	stubbornness
kokëkrisur	foolhardy
kokëmbuluar	head covered
kokën	head
kokënë	head
Kokëpakthierë	Headless
kokëposhtë	upside down
kokëra	Koker
kokërr	grain
kokës	HEAD
kokësë	head
kokëshkretë	headstrong
kokët	their heads
kokëtrashë	blockhead
kokëzbuluar	uncovered
kokoshi	coconut
kokrra	grains
kokrrat	CERELAS
kokrre	grains
kokrrës	seed
kokrrizat	grains
Kol	Until
Kolajahut	Colias
kolandisurë	collandisura
kolegët	colleagues
kolegëve	peer
kolimvithrë	hillbilly
kolir	color
kolis	moved
kolisnë	coli
kolisurë	colic
kollai	Kollai
kollaj	easily
kollajçme	collage
kollajta	easiest
kollajtë	easiest
kollaqi	earlobe
kollasetë	coleslaw
kollasit	collages
kollona	columns
kollonë	column
Kolloni	Cologne
Kollosait	Collosait
Kolloso	Colossus
kollurë	collar
kolokuintide	coloquintessence
kolokuintidet	coloquintes
kolona	column
kolonat	columns
kolonave	columns
kolonë	column
kolonës	column
kolonët	settlers
koloni	colony
Kolos	Colossus
kolosianët	Col.
Kolosiishte	Colosseum
Kolosit	colossus
Kolosse	Colosseum
Kolossianët	Colossians
komandant	commander
komandantë	commanders
komandantët	COMMANDERS
komandantëve	commanders
komandanti	commander
komandantin	the commander
komandantit	commander
komandën	command
komandimit	Controlling
komandohej	was commanded
komandoj	commands
komandonin	officers
komandonte	command
komanduar	command
komb	NATION
komba	beggar
kombash	national
kombat	kombat
kombatë	nation
kombave	nation
kombavet	nations
kombe	cup
kombesh	nations
kombet	nation
kombetë	nations
kombetët	nations
kombeve	Nations
kombevet	nations
kombi	combi
kombin	combination
kombinë	combine
kombit	NATION
komisarë	Commissioners
komisari	COMMISSAR
komit	committee
komp	computer
kompakte	compact
kompas	compass
kompensim	compensation
kompensoj	compensations
kompensojë	compensate
kompetent	competent
komplot	CONSPIRACY
komplote	plots
komploti	PLOT
komplotin	plot
komplotistëve	conspirators
komplotoi	conspired
komplotojnë	plot
komploton	conspiracy
komplotuan	in the plot
komplotuar	conspired
kompozoi	composed
komunikuar	COMMUNICATE
kona	there
konak	mansion
konaku	Guest house
Konaniah	Konaniah
Konaniahu	Konaniahu
Konaniahut	The action
konatë	dormitory
koncepti	A CONCEPT
konceptoni	consider
konceptuar	conceived
konceptuara	conceived
koncesionit	concession
kondisurë	condition
konditave	conditions
kondr	kondr
kondrë	hill
konë	puppy
konepjsë	conepjsë
koneps	cone
konepsjënë	concept
konepsurë	concupiscence
konfirmoi	confirmed
konfirmojë	confirm
konfirmon	CONFIRMS
konfiskimin	seizure
konfiskoheshin	forfeited
konflikt	conflict
konflikti	conflict
konformoni	conform
konfuzionit	confusion
Koniahut	Coniah
Konië	Rabbit
konism	konism
konismë	conism
konismën	conism
konismësë	conism
Konja	Horse
Konjahu	Coniah
Konjë	Konya
konkludojmë	conclude
konkluzionin	conclusion
konkrete	concrete
konkubina	concubine
konkubinat	concubinage
konkubinave	concubine
konkubinë	concubine
konkubinën	concubine
konkubinës	concubine
konom	konom
konomë	household
konomi	economy
konomia	konomia
konomiç	economist
konomllëku	my name is
konomllëkut	economy
konomn	economy
konsiderata	considered
konsideratë	consideration
konsiderohej	considered
konsiderohemi	counted
konsiderohen	are considered
konsideroheni	reckon
konsiderohesh	looked down
konsideroheshe	was considered
konsideroheshin	considered
konsiderohet	considered
konsideroi	considered
konsideroj	consider
Konsideroje	Consider it.
konsiderojë	consider
Konsiderojini	Consider the
konsiderojmë	consider
konsiderojnë	consider
konsideron	HOLDS
konsideroni	consider
konsideronim	considered
konsideronin	consider
konsideronte	considered
konsiderosh	consider
konsiderova	sorry
konsiderove	regarded
konsideruan	considered
konsideruar	CONSIDERING
konsiston	consists of
konsolidoj	consolidations
konsolidojë	consolidate
konsulto	consultation
konsultohem	consult
konsultohen	consult
konsultoheni	consult
konsultohet	consult
konsultohuni	consult
konsultoi	consult
konsultojë	consult
konsultojnë	consult
konsulton	consultation
konsultoni	consult
konsultua	consulted
konsultuan	in consultation
konsultuar	consulting
konsumohej	consumed
konsumohen	are consumed
konsumohesh	you are consumed
konsumoheshin	consumed
konsumohet	consumed
konsumoi	consumed
konsumoj	consume
konsumoja	consumer
konsumojë	consume
konsumojnë	consuming
konsumon	consumes
konsumuar	consumed
konsumuara	consumed
kontaktet	contacted
kontakteve	contacts
kontakti	contact
kontaktit	contact
kontratë	contract
kontributit	contribution
kontroll	control
kontrollohet	controlled
kontrolloi	control
kontrolloj	control
kontrollojë	control
kontrollojnë	control
kontrollon	CONTROLS
kontrolloni	check out
kontrollonin	check
kontrollonte	controlled
kontrollorët	controllers
kontrollosh	control
kontrolluar	checked
konvertohen	converted
konvertuan	converted
Koos	Together
kopaçë	hoe
kope	copy
kopeja	flock
kopeje	kopea
kopen	buy
kopenë	FLOCK
kopesë	flock
kopesh	fold
kopësht	kindergarten
kopështari	gardening
kopështi	KINDERGARTEN
kopështin	Garden
kopështinë	the garden
kopështit	kindergarten
kopet	copy
kopetë	flocks
kopeve	herds
kopëzat	the bushes
kopica	heap
kopij	copies
kopijet	copy
kopijt	copy
kopijtë	the children
kopil	brat
kopila	copy
kopile	requested
kopilë	linchpin
kopilea	bastard
kopilen	bastard
kopiletë	bastard
kopili	bastard
kopilia	children
kopilit	bastard
kopiln	bastard
kopilt	from the kop
kopja	copy
kopje	little cup
kopjes	cups
kopra	dill
kopracie	copra
koprën	dill
koprës	dill
koprracia	avarice
koprracie	stinginess
kopsht	garden
kopshtari	gardener
kopshte	gardens
kopshtë	Mead
kopshtet	KINDERGARTENS
kopshti	Garden
kopshtin	GARDEN
kopshtit	Nursery
koqe	testicle
koqeja	bone
koqenë	head
koqetë	coquette
koqeza	to the group
koqia	koqia
kor	up
kora	age
Korah	Korah
Korahin	Korahin
korahitët	Korahites
korahitëve	Korahites
korahiti	korahit
Korahu	Copper
Korahun	Korahun
Korahunë	Korahuna
Korahut	Korahut
koraiti	small
koral	coral
koralet	coral
Korali	Coral
Korazin	Chorazin
korb	basket
korban	victim
korbat	ravens
korbavet	crows
korbënitë	the korbinies
korbëtë	ravens
korbeve	around
korbi	basket
korbin	Corbin
korbinë	raven
korbit	Quill
korda	times
kordele	snood
kordha	increase
kordhavet	kordhavet
kordhë	scimitar
kordhën	cimeter
kordhënë	deaf
kordhësë	threshing machine
kordhët	sheaves
kordhëz	the string
kordhëza	string
kordhëzash	stringed instrument
kordhëzat	the strings
kordhëzënë	string
kordhosetë	cords
kordon	cord
kordonat	cordon
kordonë	wreathed
kordonët	CORDS
kordonëve	cords
kordoni	cordon
kordonin	cord
kore	no
koret	the choir
Koreu	Korea
Koreun	You are welcome.
Koreut	Korean
kori	kori
koriandre	coriander
koriandrit	coriander
Korint	Corinth
korintas	Corinth
Korinthë	Corinth
Korinthës	Corinthians
Korinthianë	Corinthian
Korinthianët	Corinthians
Korinthianëvet	Corinthians
Korinthiot	Korinthiot
Korintho	Corinth
Korintiishte	Corinthians
Korintit	Corinthians
korit	baskets
koritat	you are cleaning
koritave	cleaning
koritë	trough
koritënë	trough
koritet	sink
koritët	troughs
Koritëvet	The troughs
korkosure	high school student
korkosurë	wrinkled
kormoranin	cormorant
Kornel	Cornel
Korneli	Cornelius
Kornelin	Kornelin
Kornelinë	Cornelia
Kornelit	Cornelius
Kornil	On the Corn
Kornilio	Kornilio
Kornilioi	Cornelius
Kornilionë	Cornelius
kornizat	frameworks
kornizave	FRAMEWORKS
kornizën	FRAMEWORK
korona	crown
koronat	coronas
koroniasurë	corona virus
korp	body
korpëna	basket
korpënat	bodies
korpënatë	body
korpënavet	corporal punishment
korpënisht	corpulent
korpënitë	the bodies
korpi	bodies
korpin	raven
korpinë	raven
korpit	korpit
korpna	Corporal
korpnatë	corporate
korpt	scrounger
korr	reap
korra	once
korrat	HARVEST
korrave	harvest
korrë	reap
korrëm	gather
korrën	reaped
korrënë	harvest
korrës	reaper
korrësatë	harvester
korrësavet	harvesters
korrëset	harvest
korrësh	gather
korrësi	reaper
korrësit	reapers
korrësitë	harvests
korrespondojnë	correspond
korrespondon	corresponding
korrespondonin	correspondent
korrespondonte	corresponded
korresponduese	correspondingly
korrësve	harvesters
korret	correct
korrët	reap
korrëtë	harvest
korrëzet	corn
korri	run
korrierësh	couriers
korrierët	couriers
korrierëve	couriers
Korrieri	courier
korrierit	courier
korrigjim	correction
korrigjime	correction
korrigjimin	correction
korrigjimit	correction
korrigjo	correct
korrigjohet	corrected
korrigjojë	correct
korrigjojnë	correct
korrigjon	correct
korrigjoni	PROOFREAD
korrim	reap
korrin	reap
korrinë	harvest
korrit	run
korrja	harvest
korrje	harvesting
korrjë	harvest
korrjëmë	let's harvest
korrjen	the harvest
korrjënë	harvest
korrjes	HARVEST
korrjeve	harvesting
korrkam	korkarkam
korrnë	harvest
korrni	reap
korrnjënë	harvest
korrsh	korrsh
korrshim	korrshim
korrte	reaping
korrunit	corn
korrupsion	corruption
korrupsionin	corruption
korruptim	subornation
korruptimin	Pit
korruptimit	Corrupt
korruptohej	corruptly
korruptoheni	corrupt yourself
korruptoheshin	corrupted
korruptohet	corrupted
korruptojë	corrupt
korrupton	corrupts
korruptua	corrupt
korruptuan	corrupted
korruptuar	corrupted
korruptuara	corrupt
korruptues	corruptly
korrur	harvested
korrurit	reap
Korvana	As an ear
Kosamit	Kosamit
kosh	CART
kosha	BASKETS
koshat	bins
koshet	basket
koshi	full
koshtareja	koshtareja
kositen	mowed
kositet	mowing
kositur	mown
kot	as
kota	city
kotash	kotash
kotavet	kotav
kotë	pointless
kotësë	vain
kotësi	vanity
kotësia	futility
kotësie	wherefore
kotësinë	futility
kotësinësë	vanity
kotësinët	vanity
kotësira	presumptuously
kotësire	vanity
kotësirë	vanity
kotësirësë	vanity
kotësisë	vanity
kotësive	vanities
kotësivet	vanities
kotet	listed
kotët	Kote
kotëvet	the vanities
kotorri	KOTOR
Kotsit	Kotsit
kotunë	waste
Kotzit	Coz
kovaç	smith
kovaçë	smiths
kovaçët	smiths
Kovaçi	smith
kovaçin	smith
kovat	hard
kove	forges
kovë	bucket
kovën	bucket
Kozbi	Kozbi
Kozbit	Kozbit
Kozebës	Chozeba
kqyr	He watches
krah	arm
kraha	crash
krahanorët	chests
krahanorin	crash
krahanuer	crasher
kraharor	thoracic
kraharorët	breasts
kraharorëvet	chests
kraharori	Chest
kraharorin	breast
kraharorinë	the chest
kraharorit	thoracic
krahash	compare
krahasim	COMPARED
krahasime	comparisons
Krahasimi	comparison
krahasohemi	compare
krahasohen	compare
krahasohet	COMPARE
krahasoj	compare
krahasojmë	compare
krahasoni	compare
krahasuar	compare
krahat	krahat
krahatë	arm
krahathata	karhathata
krahathatë	hawk
krahavet	the sea of ​​crash
krahë	wings
krahën	the arm
krahënë	the arm
krahëroresë	chest
krahërorit	chest
krahëruar	winged
krahëruarë	breastfed
krahësh	winged
krahët	arms
krahëtë	wings
krahëvet	wings
krahi	krahi
krahin	every Province
krahina	province
krahinat	regions
krahinave	regions
krahine	province
krahinë	province
krahinën	province
krahinës	province
krahit	krahit
krahu	ARM
krahun	arm
krahunë	arm
krahut	ARM
Krakëllija	I chattered
krakëllijnë	they crackle
krande	crane
krandienë	the crane
krasit	beautiful
krasitësh	prune
krasitni	beautiful
kre	empty
kredha	kredha
kredhem	I am afraid.
kredhja	meditation
kredie	loan
kredinë	loan
kreditorët	creditor
kree	kree
krehur	brushed
krei	create
kreit	circle
krejë	everything
krejëmë	create
krejënë	everything
krejsë	whole
krejt	all
krejtësisht	Fundamentally
krekos	puffs
krekosemi	puffed up with pride
krekosen	boast
krekosën	puffed up
krekoseni	brag
krekoset	puffed up
krekosët	puffed up
krekosur	puffed up
kremëtesë	creamer
krëmp	shrink
krëmpte	squeeze
krëmptea	krêmptea
krëmptenë	crunch
krëmptesë	crunch
krëmptet	it is cramped
krëmptia	gluttony
kremte	celebration
krëmte	evening
kremteje	a feast
kremten	feast
kremtes	celebration
kremtesë	celebration
kremtet	feasts
kremtetë	eighth birthday
kremtevet	celebrations
kremtim	celebration
kremtimi	CELEBRATIONS
kremtimit	celebration
kremto	Keep
kremtohej	celebrated
kremtoheshin	celebrated
kremtohet	celebrated
kremtoi	CELEBRATED
kremtoj	celebrate
kremtojë	celebrate
kremtojeni	Praise
Kremtojini	Laud
kremtojmë	give thanks
kremtojnë	praise
kremton	celebrates
kremtonetë	festive tones
kremtoni	Give thanks
kremtonin	celebrated
kremtonjç	cream
kremtonjën	the celebrant
kremtonjënë	festive
kremtonte	celebrated
kremtosh	GIVE THANKS
kremtua	celebrated
kremtuan	celebrated
kremtuar	celebrated
kren	crane
krenar	proud
krenare	proud
krenarë	proud
krenarenë	pride
krenarët	proud
krenarëve	proud
krenari	pride
krenaria	pride
krenarie	of pride
krenarinë	pride
krenarisë	pride
krenarit	the proud
krenë	Krenn
krenët	Krenn
krenëtë	pride
krenëvet	pride
kreni	go
kreno	horseradish
krenohej	boasted
krenohem	glory
krenohemi	pride
krenohen	pride
krenoheni	proud
krenohesh	boast
krenohesha	boast
krenoheshim	we were proud
krenohet	boasts
Krenohuni	Be proud.
krenoni	crenon
krenova	krenovac
krenuam	we were proud
krenuar	proud
krepa	crepe
krepat	the rocks
krepave	the rocks
krera	krera
krerë	rulers
krerëra	head
krerësh	Leaders
krerët	HEADS
krerëtë	heads
krerëve	heads
krerëvet	heads
kresë	her head
Kreshenci	Kreshenci
kreshtë	crest
Krështenë	Christian
Kreski	Grow
Kresku	Grow
Kreta	Crete
kretas	Crete
Kretasit	Cretasit
Kretasitë	Cretaceous
Kretë	Crete
Kretënë	Crete
Kretës	Crete
Kretësavet	Cretans
Kretësë	Crete
krethnë	comb
kreu	TITLE
kreun	HEAD
kreut	HEAD
kreva	bed
krie	loudly
krienë	born
krierë	salt
kriet	rented
krietari	to the creature
krietë	head
krietyravet	the criteria
krietyrë	creature
krifa	krifa
krijesa	Creatures
krijesat	CREATURES
krijesave	CREATURES
krijese	CREATURE
krijesë	CREATURE
krijesënë	the creature
krijesës	CREATURE
krijesësë	creature
krijesët	creatures
krijetar	creature
krijetyravet	creature
krijetyrë	creature
krijimi	CREaTINg
krijimin	creation
krijimit	creating
krijo	create
krijohej	created
krijohen	CREATE
krijohesha	I was created
krijohet	is created
krijoi	created
krijoj	brew
krijoje	brew
krijojë	create
krijon	creates
krijonetë	create
krijove	created
krijua	cREATED
krijuam	created
krijuan	created
krijuanë	created
krijuar	created
krijuara	created
krijuarë	created
krijue	create the
krijuem	merges
krijuenë	created
krijuesi	Creator
krijuesin	CREATOR
krijuesit	Creator
krijumë	we created
krilat	winged
krim	cream
krimb	worm
krimba	worms
krimbash	caterpillar
krimbat	worms
krimbatë	worm
krimbave	worms
krimbi	Locusts
krimbit	worm
krime	crimes
krimi	crime thriller
krimin	CRIME
kriminelë	criminals
krimp	shrink
krioi	cry
krionjë	cry
kriova	kriova
krip	crib
kripa	salt
kripe	salt
kripë	salt
kripën	salt
kripërat	salts
kripës	salinity
kripet	kripet
kripetë	salt
kripjë	salt
kripore	saltworks
kripur	kripur
kripurë	salty
kriqasurë	cry
kriset	crisis
krisht	Krish
krishtë	Christs
Krishtenë	Christians
krishtër	Christs
krishterë	CHRISTIAN
krishterësh	Christians
krishterët	Christian
krishterëve	THE CHRISTIAN
Krishti	CHRIST
Krishtin	Christ
Krishtinë	Christ
Krishtit	Christ
Krishtnë	In Christ
krisma	Calamity
krismë	smash
krisolit	chrysolite
krisolite	chrysolite
krisoliti	chrysolite
krisolitit	chrysolite
krisopazi	Crispus
krisopraci	chrysoprase
Krispi	Crispy
Krispin	Crispin
Krispit	Krispit
Krisponë	Crisps
Krispua	Crispy
Krisqi	Christmas
kristal	crystal
kristali	crystals
kristalit	crystal
kristalor	crystalline
Krit	Chalk
kriter	criterion
kritere	criteria
Kriti	Kriti
kritikën	criticism
kritiko	critical
kritikon	criticism
Kritikotë	Criticize
Kritikovet	Criticism
Kritit	Criticism
krizoliti	chrysolite
krjoi	cry
Kro	Inn
kroç	cross
kroçnë	cross
kroi	Vitakut
kroit	fountain
krojt	blackberry
kroko	kroko
kroma	additional
kromë	scabies
kromosun	chromesun
kromosunë	chromosomes
kronikat	chronicles
Kronikave	Chronicles
kronike	CHRONIC
kronje	crowns
kronjer	crown
kronjër	crown
kronjëra	crown
kronjërat	the crowns
kronjet	crown
krraba	krraba
krromë	chrome
krromësë	chrome
krua	source
kruajturë	itchy
kruar	itch
krue	beginning
kruhet	itching
krupën	Krupen
kruq	cross
kruqas	kruqas
kruqasnë	cruciform
kruqasurë	cross
kruqë	cross
kruqi	cross
Kruqit	Crosses
kruqn	cross
kruqnë	cross
krushqi	affinity
krushqie	marriage
krusmës	wedding
kruspull	crouched
krye	HEAD
kryeadministrator	crime administrator
kryeapostuj	cryeapostuj
kryebariu	Shepherd
kryebukëpjekësi	head baker
kryebukëpjekësin	baker
kryedhietës	archbishop
kryeengjëlli	archangel
kryefamiljarë	heads
kryefamiljarët	heads
kryefamiljarëve	heads
kryeintendenca	ruler
kryeintendentë	officers
kryeintendentët	officers
kryeintendentëve	governor
kryeintendenti	ruler
kryej	Perform
kryeja	Performing
kryeje	Accomplish
kryejë	CONDUCT
kryejmë	PERFORM
kryejnë	EXECUTIVE
kryekujdestar	chief caretaker
kryekujdestari	the Chief
kryekupëmbajtësi	butler
kryekupëmbajtësin	butler
kryelartë	supercilious
kryelartësi	pride
kryelartësia	loftiness
kryelartësie	pride
kryelartësinë	pride
kryelartësisë	pride
kryelartët	arrogant
kryelartëve	Haughty
kryelarti	pride
kryelartin	arrogant
kryelartit	arrogant
kryeluftëtarët	the warlords
kryemijësi	chief
kryemijësit	tribune
kryemilës	commander
kryeministri	PRIME
kryen	PERFORMED
kryeneç	Haughty
kryeneçe	stubborn
kryeneçë	arrogant
kryeneçësi	contrariness
kryeneçësia	insolence
kryeneçësinë	waywardness
kryeneçësisë	perversity
kryeneçët	disobedient
kryengritës	Rebel
Kryengritja	REBELLION
kryengritje	uprising
kryengritjeje	uprising
kryengritjes	uprising
kryengriturë	rebels
kryeni	do
kryenin	carry
kryente	Performing
kryepesëdhietës	chief priest
kryeprift	high priest
Kryepriftënit	The High Priest
kryepriftërinj	high priests
kryepriftërinjtë	The chief priests
kryepriftërinjve	high priest
kryepriftërore	high priestly
kryeprifti	HIGH PRIEST
kryepriftin	High priest
kryepriftit	the high priest
kryepunëtorët	officers
kryeqindës	centurion
kryeqytet	CAPITAL CITY
kryeqyteti	CAPITAL
kryer	CONDUCTED
kryera	COMMITTED
kryeri	completed
kryeriftit	chieftain
kryerja	commission
kryerjen	performing
kryeroja	cryo
kryesë	The Presidency
kryesh	Header
kryeshërbëtori	steward
kryeshërbëtorit	steward
kryesinë	CHAIRMAN
kryesisht	PRINCIPALLY
kryesojë	head
kryeson	leads
kryesor	mAIN
kryesore	KEY
kryesorë	The main
kryesorët	foremost
Kryesorja	foremost
kryet	head
kryetagrambledhës	chief tax collector
kryetar	head
kryetarët	Heads
kryetarëve	Heads
kryetari	ChAirMAn
kryetarit	HEAD
kryetë	heads
kryeushtëtori	commander-in-chief
kryeushtëtorin	the commander-in-chief
kryhej	done
kryhen	CARRIED
kryheshin	carried
kryhet	CONDUCTED
krymba	Crimea
krymbash	shrink bash
krymbatë	worm
krymbi	you are crazy
krymbit	worms
krymp	shrink
kryp	crawl
krypa	crawl
krype	crawl
krypë	salt
krypësë	salt shakers
krypetë	croup
krypunë	the body
kryq	CHECK
kryqe	cross
kryqëzimet	Intersections
Kryqëzimi	intersection
kryqëzimin	intersection
kryqëzimit	crucifixion
kryqëzohej	crucified
kryqëzohenë	they cross each other
kryqëzohet	crucified
kryqëzohetë	cross
kryqëzoj	crucify
kryqëzoje	Crucify
kryqëzojënë	cross the road
kryqëzojeni	crucify
kryqëzojnë	crucify
kryqëzoni	fold
kryqëzonia	the intersection
kryqëzonin	crucified
kryqëzova	crucified
kryqëzua	crucified
kryqëzuan	crucified
kryqëzuar	CROSS
kryqëzuara	cross
kryqëzuarin	Crucified
kryqëzuarit	Crucified
kryqëzuarve	crusaders
kryqëzuat	crucified
kryqëzue	crucify
kryqëzuem	crucified
kryqëzuen	crucified
kryqëzuenë	crucified
kryqëzueshë	crusader
kryqëzuetë	crusader
kryqëzumë	crucifix
kryqëzunë	crucified
kryqi	the cross
kryqin	cross
kryqinë	the cross
kryqit	CROSS
kryqt	cross
krystalë	crystal
krystallë	crystals
ksafni	ksafni
ksefandosurë	xefandosura
ksehilisurë	kshehilisura
ksemolloisishnë	xemolloisishn
Ksemollojisni	Ksemololojisni
ksenderçura	xendercura
ksenderçurë	swindler
ksenderimit	xender
ksenderoi	xenderoi
ksenderoijnë	they are sending
ksendërojë	to center
ksenderojënë	xenderoje
ksenderon	xenderon
ksenderonenë	xenderone
ksenderonetë	xenderone
ksenderoni	xenderoni
ksenderturë	xenderture
ksenderuanë	Xenderuan
ksenderuarë	xenderua
ksenderuatë	xenderua
ksenit	xenite
kseniteps	xeniteps
kseniti	xeniti
ksenitisë	xenitis
kserë	sister
kseshpërblejë	to be rewarded
kseshpërblejënë	what is the reward?
kseshpërblenetë	reward
kseshpërbleu	what a reward
kseshpërblierë	what a reward
kseshpërblim	reward
kseshpërblimit	reward money
ksestravet	xestravet
ksetaks	xetax
ksetaksetë	xxxxx
ksetaksi	ksetax
ksetaksnë	xetaxne
ksetaksni	ksetaksni
ksetaksurë	sextuplets
ksetaksuritë	the tax authorities
kshill	Tip
kshille	advice
kshilli	Council
kshillit	Council
ksijis	xyz
ksijisetë	the seven
ksijisjë	this
ksijisjënë	this is it
ksijisnë	here
ksijiste	xist
ksijistë	Christian
ksijisurat	xyzurat
ksijisurë	ksijisure
Ksijisuritë	The Ksijisuri
ksodheps	xoxoxox
ksodhinë	the question
ksodhjas	tempting
ksodhn	I am sorry
ksomblë	ensemble
ksomblën	ensemble
ksomblënë	assembly
ksomblëra	assembly
ksomblët	ensemble
ksombli	I am confused.
ksomollojiseshnë	xomollious
kthe	yang
ktheçë	turnbuckle
kthefi	kthefi
kthefsh	kthefsh
kthefshin	kthefshin
kthefshinë	turn of the village
ktheftë	return
kthehej	return
kthehem	return
kthehemi	return
kthehen	return
kthehenë	return
ktheheni	BACK
kthehesh	rETURN
kthehesha	return
ktheheshe	come back
ktheheshin	return
kthehet	RETURN
kthehetë	return
kthehi	each
kthehu	return
kthehuni	Return
kthei	return
kthej	head off
ktheja	Restore
kthejani	almonds
ktheje	head off
kthejë	TURN
kthejënë	return
ktheji	Restore
kthejini	Reusable
kthejmë	RETURN
kthejnë	return
kthejsh	return
kthejtitë	the returnees
ktheju	Get back
Kthema	Kthema
Kthemë	Give me back
kthen	REMANDS
kthenç	turn
kthenë	Bring back
ktheneç	kthenech
kthenej	kthanej
kthenem	by the way
kthenemi	kthenemi
kthenen	kthene
kthenenë	return
ktheneni	turn around
kthenesh	then
ktheneshin	ktheneshin
ktheneshinë	turn
kthenet	kthenet
kthenetë	turn
ktheni	return
kthenin	turn
kthenishnë	return
kthenj	now
kthenjç	return
kthenjë	turn
kthenjënë	back
kthente	return
kthentej	was returning
kthenu	turn
kthesë	Milestone
kthesës	turning
kthesh	beat
kthetra	creeper
kthetrat	claws
kthetrave	clutches
ktheu	turned
ktheuni	ktheuni
ktheva	returned
ktheve	you come back
kthie	kthie
kthieçë	armchair
kthienë	return
kthieratë	return
kthierë	return
kthierit	returnees
kthietë	turn
kthim	rETurN
kthimi	return
kthimin	the return
kthimit	return
kthisevet	kthisewet
kthjellet	sober
kthjellët	Partly Cloudy
kthye	turned
kthyem	returned
kthyen	returned
kthyenë	they returned
kthyer	RETURNED
kthyera	RETURNED
kthyerë	returned
kthyerët	returnees
kthyerit	RETURNEES
kthyerve	RETURNEES
kthyesh	returned
kthyeshë	I returned.
kthyet	you returned
kthyetë	you returned
ktis	ktis
ktisjë	share
ktism	ktism
ktisti	thank you
ktisurë	ktisura
ktisurit	katsuri
ku	to
kuadrant	quadrant
Kuadrantiishte	Quadrant
kuadrantin	quadrant
kuaj	test
kuajet	horses
kuajsh	horses
kuajt	horses
kuajtë	horses
kuajve	equestrian
kuajvet	horses
kual	round
kualsh	kulash
kualtë	quality
kualvet	kualvet
kuarjënë	in the morning
kuarr	quar
kuarrç	quartz
kuarrë	quail
kuarrni	quarry
Kuarti	Quart
Kuartoi	Quartet
kuarturë	quartet
kube	to be
kubeja	Dome
kubenë	dome
kubera	because
Kubi	Bad
kubit	cubit
kubitë	cubits
kubitësh	cubits
kubitët	cubits
kubitëve	cubits
kubiti	cubit
kubitit	cubit
kuboj	cubes
kuçedër	adder
kuçedrën	underfoot
kucim	I am tired.
kucimi	shrinkage
kucimin	the crouching
kuciminë	the kitchen
kucimtarë	gossipers
kucoftë	let it be
kucoi	to cry
kucoimë	we chatted
kucoj	pussies
kucojnë	they are crying
Kucon	Cucon
kuconjë	puppy
kuconte	to count
kucuem	cucumber
kucur	hair
kudhrënë	anvil
kudhrës	anvil
kudo	EVERYWHERE
Kue	Cake
Kueja	Adding
kufi	LIMIT
kufij	BORDERS
kufijtë	BOUNDARIES
kufijve	BORDERS
kufin	fall
kufinj	borders
kufinjt	borders
kufinjvet	borders
kufiri	LIMIT
kufirin	BORDER
kufirit	BORDER
kufitare	boundary
kufitarë	border
kufizim	limitation
kufizimi	RESTRICTION
kufizohej	limited
kufizoheshin	restricted
kufizohet	is limited
kufizojë	limit
kufizuar	lIMITED
kufoma	corpse
kufomat	BODIES
kufomave	BODY
kufome	corpse
kufomë	corpse
kufomën	corpse
kufomës	corpse
kuides	if
kuido	why
Kuirini	To the west
kuit	calf
kuitdo	cooked
kuitim	to fulfill
kuitimet	kill it
kuitimin	to fulfill
kuitiminë	receipt
kuito	Kuito
kuitoftë	let it go
kuitoi	art
kuitoimë	we paid
kuitoj	cooks
kuitojë	receipt
kuitojënë	receipt
kuitojëshinë	receipt
kuitojinë	receipt
kuitojnë	they sign
kuitojsh	kuitojsh
kuiton	kuiton
kuitoni	to call it
kuitova	kuitova
kuituem	leave us
kuituenë	receipt
kuitueshë	receipt
kuive	dry
kuj	also
kuja	to come
kujdes	caution
kujdese	you caring
kujdesej	take care
kujdesem	care
kujdesemi	CARE
kujdesen	CARE
kujdeseni	caring
kujdesesh	caution
kujdeseshin	care
kujdeset	CARE
kujdesi	CARE
kujdesin	care
kujdesinë	care
kujdesit	CARE
kujdesja	caring
Kujdesjet	cares
kujdesoftë	take care
kujdesohu	Look
kujdesshëm	CAUTIOUS
kujdesshim	let's be careful
kujdestar	guardian
kujdestarë	caregivers
kujdestarët	Caretakers
kujdestari	custody
kujdestarin	GUARDIAN
kujdestarinë	FOSTER
kujdestarit	GUARDIAN
kujdesu	Take care
kujdesua	heed
kujdesuni	TAKE CARE
kujdesur	care
kujën	the memory
kujës	nail
kujisin	to be naked
kujt	to whom
kujtdo	whomsoever
kujtesë	REMINDER
kujtesën	memory
kujtesës	memory
kujtim	memory
kujtime	memoir
kujtimetë	memories
kujtimeve	Memory
kujtimi	memory
kujtimin	memory
kujtimit	remembrance
kujtimn	memory
kujtimnë	memory
kujtimore	memorial
kujto	remember
kujtoç	reminder
kujtofsha	remember
kujtofshin	remember
kujtoftë	Is remembered
kujtohe	remember
kujtohej	remember
kujtohem	recollect
kujtohen	remembered
kujtoheni	remember
kujtohesh	remember
kujtoheshë	remember
kujtoheshim	reminded
kujtoheshin	recall
kujtohet	REMEMBER
kujtohi	remember
kujtohu	remember
kujtohuni	REMEMBER
kujtoi	recalled
kujtoj	REFLECTING
kujtoje	remember
kujtojë	remember
kujtojinë	memory
kujtojmë	we remember
kujtojnë	RECALL
kujtojsh	remember
kujtojshinë	remember
Kujtoju	Remind
kujtomë	Remember me
kujton	remembers
kujtoneç	reminder
kujtonem	I remember
kujtonemi	let's remember
kujtoneni	remind him/her
kujtonesh	remember
kujtonetë	remember
kujtoni	remember
kujtonia	memory
kujtonim	recall
kujtonin	recall
kujtoninë	memory
kujtonj	I remember
kujtonjç	remember
kujtonjë	remember
kujtonjënë	remember
kujtonte	recall
kujtonu	remember
kujtosh	remember
kujtou	they will
Kujtouni	Come out
kujtova	I thought
kujtove	remembered
kujtua	remembered
kujtuam	recalled
kujtuan	remembered
kujtuanë	they remembered
kujtuar	RECALLING
kujtuarë	remembered
kujtue	remembered
kujtuem	remembered
kujtuenë	remembering
kujtueshë	reminder
kujtunë	remember
kukumaçej	kukumaçej
kukumaçeja	massage you
kukurën	quiver
kukurës	quiver
Kukurja	Corn
kukuta	to find
kukuvajka	owl
kukuvajkat	fallow
kukuvajkën	owl
kukuvajkës	whoo
kulaç	fathom
kuleç	Tower
kuleçë	cakes
kuleçësh	of cakes
kuleçëve	pastry
kuleçtë	the pastries
kuleta	to bring
kuletatë	wallets
kuletë	wallet
kuletën	the wallet
kuletënë	the wallet
kuletët	the cullets
kulla	contract
kullat	TOWERS
kullauz	kullauz
kullauzë	headstone
kullave	towers
kulle	lock
kullë	tower
kullën	Cullen
kullës	tower
kullmakut	golden flavors
kulloç	pasture
kullojnë	runny
kullon	DRAINING
kulloni	strain
kullonin	gushed
kullonte	dropped
kullos	herd
kullosë	feed
kullosën	graze
kullosenë	pasture
kullosënë	pasture
kullosi	pasture
kullosin	feed
kullosni	grazed
kullosnin	grazed
kulloste	feeding
kullot	pasture
kullota	PASTURES
kullotat	PASTURES
kullotë	pasture
kullotën	pasture
kullotës	grazing
kullotësë	pasture
kullotësh	feed
kulloti	Feed
kullotin	FEED
kullotinë	pasture
kullotjë	pasture
kullotnë	pasture
kullotni	the cow
kullotnin	feeding
kullotshinë	pasture
kullotun	graze
kullotunë	pasture
kullotur	feed
kulloturë	pasture
kullove	cool
kulluar	Lucent
kulluara	drained
kulluarë	pure
kulluari	purest
kulluaritë	refineries
kullue	drain
kulluem	drained
kulluemit	the water
kullume	always
kullumë	always
kullutë	pasture
kullutënë	the pasture
kullutët	pastures
kulluti	goldfish
kulm	ROOF
kulmak	corners
kulmakë	kulmak
kulmakta	corner
kulmaku	corner
kulmin	meet
kulmit	PRELIMINARY
kulmojë	climax
kult	cult
kulti	CULT
kultin	cult
kultit	CULT
kultivojnë	grow
kum	age
kumbis	cabbage
kumbisjë	ring
kumbisjëmë	let's ring
kumbisurë	ringing
kumbon	spacecraft
kumbues	ringing
kumbuese	hearty
kumbulla	plum
kumerq	kumerq
kumerqar	kumerqar
kumerqarë	gamblers
kumerqarëtë	gamblers
kumerqarëvet	gamblers
kumerqari	kumerqari
kumi	ten
kumina	to me
kumine	cumin
kuminë	cumin
kumini	cumin
kuminit	cumin
kumtesë	PRESS
kumtoj	foreshadow
kumtojë	foreshadow
kumtojeni	declare ye
kumtojnë	speak
kumton	imparting
kumtoni	to the river
kumtova	kumtova
kumtuam	revealed
kumtuar	announced
Kun	When
kunat	now
kunata	sister-in-law
kunatën	sister in law
kunati	brother-in-law
kunatit	BROTHER
kund	customer
kundë	Kunda
kundër	ANTI
kundërmojnë	smell
kundërpërgjigjesh	disputest
kundërshim	inconsistent
kundërshtar	opponent
kundërshtarë	opponents
kundërshtarët	OPPOSERS
kundërshtarëve	opponents
kundërshtari	adversary
kundërshtarin	opponent
kundërshtarit	adversary
kundërshtim	CONTRARY
kundërshtime	objections
kundërshtimesh	objections
kundërshtimet	objections
kundërshtimi	OPPOSITION
kundërshtimin	Challenging
kundërshto	dispute
kundërshtoi	opposed
kundërshtoj	STRONGLY
kundërshtojë	contest
kundërshtojeni	Resist
Kundërshtoji	Oppose
kundërshtojnë	oppose
kundërshton	Opposed
kundërshtoni	resist
kundërshtonin	opposed
kundërshtonte	opposed
kundërshtova	opposed
kundërshtuan	opposed
kundërshtuar	opposed
kundërshtues	contentious
kundërt	REVERSE
kundërta	contrasting
kundërthënës	contradictory
kundërthëniet	contradictions
kundërvëna	opposed
kundërvihem	fly in the face of
kundërvihen	oppose
kundërviheni	oppose
kundërvihesh	oppose
kundërvihesha	forbid
kundërviheshin	opposed
kundërvihet	OPPOSE
kundërvu	oppose
kundërvunë	opposed
kundështarët	opponents
kundështarëve	opponents
kundi	but
kundra	against
kundrastarëvet	opponents
kundrastari	opponent
kundrë	against its
kundrëfialëtë	opposites
kundrëgjyqësit	the opposing parties
kundrej	against
kundrejt	against
kundreq	contrary
kundrështarët	opponents
kundrështarëtë	opponents
kundrështarëvet	opponents
kundroj	kundras
kundrojnë	are upon
kundron	seeth
kundruall	Against
kundruell	counterattack
kungimi	sacramental
kunj	kunj
kunjat	Stakes
kunji	kunji
kunjin	key
kunora	daily
kunorat	to read
kunorë	Kunora
kunorën	the bride
kunorënë	cousin
kunorëzohetë	to be crowned
kunorëzon	crowns
kunorëzove	you married
kunorëzuem	we were married
kunorove	to beat
kunoruem	to thee
kuntrë	against
kunupnë	cousin
kuotën	the quota
kupa	to give
kupash	to wash
kupat	rice cake
kupatë	cup
kupave	spoons
kupe	cup
kupë	chalice
kupëmbajtës	cupbearer
kupëmbajtësi	butler
kupëmbajtësit	butler
kupën	Cup
kupënë	cup
kupës	cup
kupësë	cups
kupët	cups
kupëtë	cups
kupëtim	understanding
kupëtimnë	understanding
kupëto	understand
kupëtoç	cup
kupëtoi	understood
kupëtoijnë	they understand
kupëtoj	understand
kupëtojë	understand
kupëtojëmë	understand me
kupëtojënë	understand
kupëtojmë	we understand
kupëtojsh	understand
kupëton	understands
kupëtonenë	master
kupëtonetë	couplets
kupëtoni	understand
kupëtoninë	the master
kupëtonj	cups
kupëtonjç	understand
kupëtonjë	cup
kupëtonjën	the cup
kupëtonjënë	in the language
kupëtonte	understood
kupëtova	I understood.
kupëtuam	we understood
kupëtuanë	they understood
kupëtuarë	understood
kupëtuarët	the understanders
kupëtuarëtë	understood
kupëtuarit	understanding
kupëtuaritë	translations
kupëtuarshimi	understanding
kupëtuatë	your understanding
kupëtuem	understood
kupëtuenë	understood
kupëtum	I understand.
kupitë	cups
kuptim	SENSE
kuptimi	MEANING
kuptimin	TERMS
kuptimit	SENSE
kupto	UNDERSTAND
kuptohen	understood
kuptohet	UNDERSTOOD
kuptoi	understood
kuptoj	UNDERSTANDING
kuptoja	understood
kuptoje	understand
kuptojë	realize
Kuptojeni	Understand it.
kuptojmë	UNDERSTANDING
kuptojnë	understand
kupton	understands
kuptoni	understand
kuptonin	UNDERSTANDING
kuptonjënë	understand
kuptonte	understood
kuptosh	UNDERSTANDING
kuptova	I understood.
kuptuan	understood
kuptuar	UNDERSTANDING
kuptuarit	understanding
kuptuat	understood
kuptueshëm	understandably
kuptueshme	COHERENT
kuq	Red
kuqalash	first
kuqalashe	reddish
kuqe	red
kuqë	red
kuqeja	red
kuqeje	scarlet
kuqëlon	it is red
kuqen	red
kuqenë	red
kuqërreme	ginger
kuqërremë	brown
kuqërremtë	Amber
kuqesë	red
kuqishte	Kuqishtë
kuqtë	Reds
kur	where
kurajo	courage
kurbam	for whom
kurban	victim
kurbana	sacrificial animal
kurbane	his sacrifice
kurbanë	an offering
kurbanënë	the sacrifice
kurbanesh	sacrificial
kurbanet	sacrifices
kurbanetë	sacrificial animals
kurbanevet	basket fist
kurbanëvet	sacrifices
kurbani	sacrifice
kurbanin	offerings
kurbaninë	the sacrificial animal
kurbanit	whipping
kurce	hens
kurcej	chicken
kurcejë	short
kurcejënë	short-tempered
kurcen	kurcen
kurcenjënë	dwarf
kurceu	fuck
kurceve	abbreviation
kurcierë	shortbread
kurcim	I'm fucking
kurdis	Kurdish
kurdisë	lie
kurdisen	Kurdish people
kurdisën	banded
kurdisi	Kurdish
kurdisim	I am Kurdish.
kurdisin	Kurdish
kurdisni	Kurdish
kurdisnin	Kurdish
kurdiste	Kurdish
kurdisur	ticking
kurdisura	Kurdish language
kurdo	Kurdish
kurdoherë	TIME
kurë	cure
kureshtare	curious
kurgja	something
kurkend	corking
kurkënd	anyone
kurkuit	kurkuit
kurkundi	Kurkundi
kurkush	kurkush
kurkushi	kurkushi
kurm	mole
kurma	dates
kurmat	respect
kurmatë	date palm
kurme	deaf
kurmëra	date
kurmëratë	nonsense
kurmërisht	suddenly
kurmet	cured
kurmetë	turkey
kurmi	forest
kurmin	forest
kurminë	the date
kurmit	the worm
kurmn	Kurman
kurmnë	in the morning
kurmt	cold
kurnac	kurnac
kurnacëri	stinginess
kurojë	cure
kuror	crown
kurora	crown
kurorash	crowns
kurorat	crown
kurore	crown
kurorë	crown
kurorën	CROWN
kurorënë	the crown
kurorëra	crown
kurorës	crown
kurorësë	crown
kurorëshkelës	adulterous
kurorëshkelësit	adulterers
kurorëshkelja	adultery
kurorëshkelje	adultery
kurorët	crown
kurorëzohej	crowned
kurorëzohen	crowned
kurorëzohet	crowned
kurorëzojë	crown
kurorëzon	caps
kurorëzonenë	coronation
kurorëzove	crowned
kurorëzuar	crowned
kurrë	never
kurrëgjë	nothing
kurrëgjëja	nothing
kurrfarë	any
kurrgja	nothing
kurrgjë	nothing
kurris	curry rice
kurrist	currist
kurriz	ridge
kurrizënë	the back
kurrizet	backs
kurrizi	cord
kurrizin	backs
kurrizinë	the back
kurrizit	cord
kurrizore	backbone
kurrkujt	anyone
kurrkush	nobody
kurrsesi	no way
kurruç	hump
kurrus	crunch
kurrusenë	Russian
kurrusesh	kurrusesh
kurrusetë	Russian
kurrusi	crispy
Kurrusu	Crunchy
kurrusunë	every day
kurrusunitë	Kurusuni
kurrusurë	sly
kurrusuritë	trivia
kursar	courses
kursarë	savings
kursarësh	savings
kursarëtë	pirates
kursarëvet	the pirates
kursari	to run
kursarinë	thrift
kursarit	savers
kurse	courses
kursehen	saved
kursej	SAVE MONEY
Kurseje	Deliver
kursejë	save
kursejnë	save
kursen	the course
kursenetë	savings
kurseni	SAVE
kursenin	spare
kursenj	courses
kursenjë	save
kurseu	saved
kurseva	courses
kurseve	courses
kursim	SAVING
kursyem	managed to save
kursyen	spared
kursyer	SAVING
kursyerë	thrifty
kurth	kurth
kurthash	kurtash
kurthe	traps
kurthet	traps
kurtheve	trap
kurthi	TRAP
kurthin	trap
kurthit	trap
kurtina	curtain
kurtinash	kurtinash
kurtinat	kurtinat
kurtinatë	curtain
kurtine	kurtine
kurtinë	a curtain
kurtinën	the curtain
kurtinënë	the curtain
kurtinësë	curtain
kurv	basket
kurva	curve
kurvar	curves
kurvarë	fornicators
kurvarët	fornicators
kurvarëvet	whores
kurvari	adulterer
kurvat	bitch
kurvatë	whores
kurvave	bitch
kurve	curve
kurvë	bitch
kurvën	whore
kurvënë	whore
kurvëni	whoredom
kurvënia	fornication
kurvëniat	whoredoms
kurvënie	fornication
kurvënin	the whore
kurvëninë	fornication
kurvënis	whore
kurvënisë	fornication
kurvënofsh	whore
kurvënoimë	whoredom
kurvënojënë	whore
kurvënojnë	they fornicate
kurvënojsh	whore
kurvënon	whore
kurvënuem	whore
kurvënuen	whore
kurvënuenë	whore
kurvëri	harlotry
kurvëria	fornication
kurvërim	fornication
kurvërime	prostitute
kurvërimet	harlotry
kurvërimeve	harlotry
kurvërimi	fornication
kurvërimit	fornication
kurvërin	whore
kurvërinë	fornication
kurvërira	whoredom
kurvërisë	harlotry
kurvëritë	idolatry
kurvëro	whore
kurvëroç	whore
kurvërofç	whore
kurvëroftë	whore
kurvërohen	whoring
kurvëroheni	lust
kurvërohesh	fornicate
kurvëroheshin	whoring
kurvërohet	whoredom
kurvëroi	fornicated
kurvërojëmë	fuck me
kurvërojënë	whore
kurvërojmë	we fornicate
kurvërojnë	fornicate
kurvërojsh	whore
kurvëron	fornication
kurvëroni	fornication
kurvëronjë	whore
kurvëronjënë	whore
kurvëronjsh	whores
kurvërove	harlot
kurvërua	prostitute
kurvëruan	whoring
kurvëruanë	whore
kurvëruar	fornicated
kurvëruarë	whores
kurvëruesit	fornicators
kurvës	bitch
kurvësë	whore
kurvjar	whore
kurvjare	whore
kurvjarë	whore
kurvjarëtë	whores
kurvjarëvet	whores
kurvjari	prostitutes
kusar	almost
kusarë	robbers
kusarësh	thieves
kusarët	Pirates
kusarëtë	thieves
kusarëve	spoilers
kusarëvet	robbers
kusari	thief
Kusëritë	Cousins
kush	Who
Kushajahut	Kushajahut
Kushan	Kushan
Kushanit	Kushanit
kushdo	ANYONE
Kushedi	perhaps
kushërinj	cousins
kushërinjtë	cousins
kushërinjve	cousins
kushërira	cousin
kushëriri	cousin
kushëririn	cousin
kushëririt	cousin
kushi	who
Kushit	Cush
kusht	condition
kushte	conditions
kushtet	CONDiTiONs
kushteve	cONDITIONS
kushti	cONDITION
kushtim	dedication
kushtime	Dedications
kushtimet	DEDICATIONS
kushtimetë	dedications
kushtimi	dedication
kushtimin	dedicating
kushtimit	DEDICATION
Kushtimitfestohet	The dedication is celebrated
kushtin	condition
kushtit	CONDITION
kushto	costs
kushtohemi	devote
kushtohen	dedicated
kushtoheni	yourselves
kushtoheshin	devoted
kushtohet	DEDICATION
kushtoi	Pay
kushtoj	pay
Kushtoja	Apply
kushtojani	dedicate
kushtoje	pay
kushtojë	cost
kushtoji	Pay
kushtojini	Pay
kushtojmë	pay
kushtojnë	devote
kushtojsh	dedicate
kushtoju	Pay
kushtojuni	Pay
Kushtomë	Attend
kushton	EXPENSIVE
kushtonesh	you are expensive
kushtonetë	cost
kushtoni	pay
kushtonin	they cost
kushtonjënë	it costs one
kushtonte	devoting
kushtova	dedicated
kushtove	you dedicated
kushtrim	war cry
kushtrimin	alarm
kushtua	shock
kushtuan	dedicated
kushtuar	devoted
kushtuara	dedicated
kushtuarat	devoted
kushtuari	dedicated
kushtuenë	dedicated
kushtuese	Constitutional
kushtueshëm	costly
kushtueshme	costly
kushullë	advice
kusi	tempts
kusia	guess
kusinë	pot
kusitë	the questions
kusivet	to be saved
kuspulluarë	cuspidate
kuspulluaritë	the cuspullaria
kustodhinë	custody
kusuri	Kusuri
kusurin	the rest
kusurit	Kusurit
kut	hand
kute	cute
kutë	box
kutësh	how much
Kuthahu	I know.
Kuthit	Kuthit
kuti	that
kutisë	box
kutit	times
kuturisi	trustee
kuva	picture
kuvend	ASSEMBLY
kuvënd	convention
kuvende	assemblies
kuvënde	assembly
kuvendet	assemblies
kuvëndet	assembly
kuvendeve	assemblies
kuvëndevet	assemblies
kuvendi	ASSEMBLY
kuvendin	ASSEMBLY
kuvendit	PArliAmEnt
kuvëndn	assembly
kuvëndofça	church
kuvëndoi	assembled
kuvëndoijn	they gather
kuvëndoijnë	they gather
kuvendoj	powwow
kuvëndoj	assembly
kuvëndojë	assembly
kuvëndojëmë	please help me
kuvëndojënë	the assembly
kuvëndojëtë	the councils
kuvëndojmë	we gather
kuvëndojnë	they gather
kuvëndon	assembly
kuvëndonetë	parliament
kuvëndoni	assembly
kuvendonim	assembly
kuvëndonte	decided
kuvëndova	I voted.
kuvënduanë	assembly
kuvënduara	assembly
kuvënduarë	legislators
kuvënduaritë	assemblies
kuveti	cuvette
kuvetnë	couch
kuxim	cough
kuximin	my name
kuxoi	Kuxoi
kuxon	kitchen
kuxonte	I was sleeping.
kuxova	kitchen
Kuzas	Kuza
kuzhinat	kitchens
Kuzit	Kuzit
ky	this
kyçet	locks
kyçeve	articular
kyçi	lock
kyçin	ankle
kyi	kyi
kyj	knee
Kylikia	Kylikia
Kyprë	Cyprus
Kypreanë	Cypriots
Kyprën	Cyprus
Kyprian	Kyprian
Kyprianë	Cypriots
Kyreneanë	Cyrenaics
Kyreneas	Cyrene
Kyrenësë	Cyrene
Kyreni	Kyrenia
Kyrenian	Kyrenian
Kyrenianëvet	The Cyrenians
Kyreniani	Kyreniani
l	l
la	the
Laadahu	Kicks
Labanit	Labanit
Labano	Laban
Labanon	Lebanon
Labanos	Radish
laç	Lac
laçë	lace
Ladani	Reward
Ladanit	Ladanit
Laelit	Laelit
lafça	word
lafçi	slang
lafçim	my word
lafinë	the past
lafsha	food
lafshat	lafshat
lafshën	foreskin
lafshënë	yesterday
lafshës	foreskin
lafshësë	foreskin
lafshinë	foreskin
laft	laugh
laftet	the laughter
lafti	the ground
laftin	laughter
laftinë	laughter
laftit	the former
lag	lag
lagë	dip
lagesh	wet
lagështirë	moisture
lagështuar	temper
lagësina	humidity
lagësira	humidity
laget	made
lagi	again
lagië	lagia
lagja	neighborhood
lagje	neighborhood
lagjen	neighborhood
lagjet	neighborhoods
lagjeve	neighborhood
lagte	lagte
lagu	to
lagunë	lagoon
lagur	WET
lagut	gap
Lahadi	Sunday
Lahai	Lahai
lahej	wash
lahem	lave
lahen	Wash
lahenë	bath
lahesh	wash
lahesha	wash
laheshe	wash yourself
laheshin	wash
laheshinë	they were bathing
lahet	launder
lahetë	bath
Lahi	RACE
Lahmasi	Lahmasi
Lahmin	Lahmin
lahu	yes
Lahuni	Wash
lahutë	lute
lai	so that
laijnë	they wash
laika	time
laikat	laikat
laim	run
laimë	news
laimës	news
laimësi	happiness
laimësin	the winner
laimësoimë	we are learning
laimësonte	he/she/it used to learn
laimët	news
laimëvet	the news
laimi	happiness
laimitë	good luck
laish	laish
Laishit	Laishit
laiu	wide
laj	big
laja	reconcile
laje	slab
lajë	wash
lajënë	the laundry
laji	species
lajk	like
lajka	like
lajkat	oiliness
lajkatare	Blarney
lajkatojnë	flatter
lajkatuese	flattery
lajkave	flattery
lajm	news
lajme	tidings
lajmë	wash
lajmëro	Receive
lajmëroi	announced
lajmëroj	meld
lajmërojë	alert
Lajmërojeni	Declare
lajmërojini	warn
lajmëron	Announcing
lajmëroni	Notify
lajmëronte	tell
lajmërosh	warning
lajmëruan	announced
lajmëruar	Me
lajmesh	tidings
lajmësonjë	let's announce
lajmet	news
lajmëtar	MESSENGER
lajmëtarë	messengers
lajmëtarësh	messengers
lajmëtaret	messenger
lajmëtarët	Messengers
lajmëtarëve	messenger
lajmëtari	MESSENGER
lajmëtarin	messenger
lajmëtarit	messenger
lajmeve	news
lajmi	news
lajmin	NEWS
lajmit	news
lajnë	wash
lajsh	lax
lajshinë	laziness
lajthitur	bonkers
lajtinë	the news
lak	lak
lakëmeës	greedy
lakëmi	greed
lakëmia	greed
lakëmim	covetousness
lakëmime	desires
lakëmimetë	the greedy
lakëmimi	covetousness
lakëmiminë	greed
lakëmimit	covetousness
lakëmimnë	covetousness
lakëminë	greed
lakëmira	greed
lakëmoi	coveted
lakëmon	covetous
lakëmonjësi	greedy
lakëmova	I coveted.
lakëmuarit	the covetous
lakëmues	covetous
lakëmuesa	covetous
lakëmuesi	the covetous one
lakëmuesit	the greedy
lakëra	cabbage
lakëratë	cabbage
lakëravet	cabbages
Lakish	Lakish
Lakishi	Lakishi
Lakishin	Lakishin
Lakishit	Lakishit
lakmi	greed
lakmia	GREED
lakmie	lakmee
lakmime	tear
lakmimit	the love
lakminë	greed
lakmisë	greed
lakmish	greedy
lakmitar	greedy
lakmitarë	greedy
lakmitarët	greedy
lakmitari	greedy
lakmitë	covetousness
lakmive	greed
lakmo	lakmo
lakmojnë	greedy
lakmon	greedy
lakmoni	covet
lakmuar	coveted
lakmues	desirous
lakmuesit	greedy
lakrash	crash
lakruar	curved
lakt	milk
laku	in demand
Lakum	Lakum
lakun	snare
lakunë	lacuna
lakureqësi	success
lakuriq	nude
lakuriqe	Nudity
lakuriqëset	naked women
lakuriqësi	nudity
lakuriqësia	nakedness
lakuriqësie	nakedness
lakuriqësinë	nakedness
lakuriqësisë	nakedness
lakuriqëve	bat
lakuriqin	bat
lakut	loop
lam	lam
lama	long
lame	lame
lamë	Lam
Lamed	Lamed
Lamehut	Lamehut
Lameku	My sister
Lamekut	Lamech
lamën	Lama
lamesë	lamellar
lamesh	lamesh
lamët	you are welcome
lamit	lami
lamma	lamma
lamsh	lamsh
lamtumire	parting
lamtumirës	FAREWELL
lan	and
landë	Lande
lanë	Lana
lanët	rascal
lani	last year
lanin	eaten
laninë	the lanina
lanj	lounge
lanjam	weight
lanjë	wash
lanjënë	washroom
lanjëtarin	the messenger
lanjëtarinë	the laundry
lanjëtore	laundry
lanjëtoren	the laundry room
lanjëtorin	the washerman
lanshim	lanshim
lante	ahead
Laodice	Laodice
Laodiceadhe	Laodiceadhe
Laodiceaishte	Laodicean
Laodices	Laodices
Laodicesë	Laodicea
Laodikeanëvet	Laodiceans
Laodikevet	Laodicea
Laodiki	Laodicea
Laodikia	Laodicea
Laodikisë	Laodicea
lapë	Lape
Lapidothit	Lapidothit
laps	laps
lara	lara
laraganë	laragana
laramane	speckled
laramanë	dappled
larat	poor
laravet	laravet
larcon	larcon
larconetë	larceny
larë	clean
larësit	fuller
larësve	soap
larg	large
larga	long
largë	away
largësi	mileage
largësie	distance
largësinë	distance
largët	DISTANT
largëta	remote
largëtë	distant
largimi	departure
largimit	REMOVAL
largo	long
largofshin	depart
largoftë	let it be far
largohej	leave
largohem	leave
largohemi	leave
largohen	leave
largohenë	leave
largoheni	LEAVE
largohesh	leave
largoheshin	leave
largohet	DIVERT
largohetë	leave
largohi	remove
largohu	LEAVE
largohuni	Depart
largoi	diverting
largoj	remove
largoje	Withdraw
largojë	Evacuate
Largojeni	Disconnect
Largoji	Turn
largojnë	DRAIN
largoju	Avoid common
largon	removes
largonem	we leave
largonenë	leave
largoneshe	runaway
largonetë	long-distance
largoni	Depart
largonin	remove
largonj	remove
largonjë	go away
largonte	clear
largosh	take away
Largou	dropped out
largouni	largouni
largova	I left
largove	deceive
largpamëse	Forward-looking
largu	wide
largua	Largue
larguan	departed
larguanë	they left
larguar	REMOVED
larguarë	away
largue	drop
larguem	let go
largumë	let's go
largun	length
largunë	far away
largut	largut
lari	run
larin	between
larit	Palm
Larja	washing
larje	washing
larjen	DISHWASHING
larjes	bathing
lark	lark
larm	alarm
larme	tear
larmetë	noise
larmi	diversity
larmive	larmive
laron	termites
laronetë	laronette
laronjë	laronje
larshin	pine
lart	OVER
larta	HIGHER
lartat	highest
lartatë	height
lartazi	lartz
lartazit	the tall ones
lartë	high
lartënë	above
lartësi	height
lartësia	height
lartësie	height
lartësim	sublimation
lartësimi	heave
lartësimin	exaltation
lartësimit	exaltation
lartësinë	WEIGHT
lartësisë	hEIGHT
lartësitë	heights
lartësive	heights
lartësme	elevation
lartësmitë	high-rise
lartëso	Raise
lartësoftë	exalted
lartësohem	overlook
lartësohen	elevated
lartësohesh	exalted
lartësoheshit	you were exalted
lartësohet	exalted
Lartësohu	Rise up
Lartësohuni	lifted up
lartësoi	exalted
lartësoj	exalt
lartësojë	extol
lartësojeni	glorify
lartësoji	elevate
lartësojmë	exalting
lartësojnë	elevate
lartëson	elevates
lartësonte	exalted
lartësosh	magnify
lartësova	I exalted
lartësove	you exalted
lartësua	gloriously
lartësuar	Glory
lartët	highest
lartëtë	high
lartëvet	above
larti	High
lartiet	lartie
lartimi	elevation
lartimit	elevation
lartin	High
lartinë	height
lartit	High
Lartmadhërisë	Majesty
lartme	lartme
larto	art
lartofsh	lartofsh
lartofshinë	upper class
lartoftë	protect me
lartohen	rise
lartoheni	exalted
lartohet	exalted
lartohu	go away
lartohuni	lartohun
lartoi	lartoi
lartoj	arts
lartojë	exalt
Lartojeni	Magnify
lartojmë	uplift
lartojnë	lift
lartojsh	lartojsh
larton	larton
lartonem	thief
lartonenë	Lartonen
lartonet	lartonet
lartonetë	lartonets
lartoni	big ones
lartonj	lartonj
lartonjë	highlander
lartonjënë	highlander
lartonte	lartonte
lartosh	lartosh
lartova	lartova
lartove	lartove
lartua	old man
lartuan	solution
lartuanë	they lifted
lartuar	lifted
lartuara	lifted
lartuarë	elevated
lartuarëtë	the high ones
laruanë	laranga
larushq	larushq
larva	larva
larvat	larvae
larvë	larva
Lasaisë	Lasaia
Lasea	Relax
Laseas	Seas
lash	lash
lashë	SET
Lashit	Lashit
lashta	ancient
lashtat	crops
lashtatë	ancient
lashtë	ancient
lashtësi	ANCIENT
lashtësisë	ancient
lashtëve	ancients
lashtëvet	ancients
lashti	Ancient
lashtinë	ancient times
lashtitë	ancient times
lastarë	bud
lastarët	branches
latë	coupon
latine	Latin
latinisht	Latin
latonin	laton
latuar	hewn
latuara	hewn
latuarë	carved
latuatë	latuata
latuem	latuem
latuemetë	latecomer
latuemevet	latuemevet
latuemit	latuemit
latumë	latum
lau	your
lava	enough
lavde	laud
lavdërim	praise
lavdërime	praise
lavdërimet	commendation
lavdërimeve	commendations
lavdërimi	praise
lavdërimin	praise
lavdërimit	praise
Lavdëro	Praise
lavdërofshin	praise
lavdëroftë	praise be to God
lavdërohemi	commend
lavdërohen	commended
lavdërohet	magnified
Lavdërohu	Praise yourself.
lavdëroi	commended
lavdëroj	praise
lavdëroje	praise
lavdërojë	praise
lavdërojeni	praise
lavdërojmë	praise
lavdërojnë	praise
lavdëron	commends
lavdëronem	I praise myself.
lavdëroni	praise
lavdëronin	praise
lavdëronj	praise
lavdëronjë	praise
lavdëronjën	praise
lavdëronjënë	praiseworthy
lavdëronte	praise
lavdërosh	commend
lavdërua	lauded
lavdëruan	commended
lavdëruar	glorified
lavdëruarë	praised
lavdërueshëm	praiseworthy
lavdërueshme	commendable
lavdet	laud
lavdi	GLORY
lavdia	glory
lavdie	glory
lavdim	praise
lavdimevet	praises
lavdimi	glorification
lavdiminë	glory
lavdimit	glorification
lavdimnë	praise
lavdin	glory
lavdinë	glory
lavdis	glory
lavdisë	glory
lavdishëm	glorious
lavdishme	glorious
lavdit	lavdit
lavditë	Praises
lavdo	laundry
lavdofsha	lavdofsha
lavdohemi	we praise ourselves
lavdohet	appraised
lavdohetë	praised
lavdoi	love
lavdoishinë	glory
lavdoj	praises
lavdojë	praise
lavdojënë	praise
lavdojinë	praise
lavdojn	lavdons
lavdojnë	praise among
lavdojshinë	glory
lavdonetë	praiseworthy
lavdoni	lavdoni
lavdonj	lavdonj
lavdonjënë	glory
lavdova	lavdova
lavdove	lavdove
lavdua	lavdua
lavduara	lavduara
lavduarë	praiseworthy
lavdue	lavdue
lavduem	wash
lavdueme	lavdueme
lavduenë	praise
lavdueshë	praiseworthy
lavdueshim	we praised
lavdueshime	praises
lavdueshimi	praise
lavdueshimit	praise
lavdueshimitë	praises
lavduri	praises
lavduria	lavduria
lavdurim	praise
lavdurimet	praises
lavdurimi	praise
lavdurimin	praise
lavduriminë	praise
lavdurimit	praise
lavdurimn	lavdurimn
lavdurimnë	praise
lavdurimt	praise
lavdurin	lavdurin
lavdurit	praised
lavduro	laundry
lavduroim	laundry
lavduroimë	we praised
lavduroj	laundry
lavdurojë	praise
lavdurojën	praise
lavdurojënë	praise
lavdurojm	we praise
lavdurojmë	we praise
lavduron	lavduron
lavduronetë	praiseworthy
lavduroni	lavduroni
lavduronin	lavduron
lavduronj	slanderer
lavduronjç	lavduronjç
lavduronjë	boastful
lavduronjën	the laudatory
lavduronjënë	glorious
lavduruar	praised
lavduruarë	praised
lavduruari	lavender
lavduruarinë	praise
lavduruarshim	praiseworthy
lavduruarshmit	the praiseworthy
lavduruem	we love
lavdurueshim	praiseworthy
lavdurueshimit	praiseworthy
lavdurumë	praise
lave	make
lavire	Whore
laviren	whore
lavires	whore
laviret	prostitutes
lavireve	whore
lavirja	labyrinth
lavron	lavron
Lazar	Lazar
Lazari	Lazarus
Lazarin	Lazarin
Lazarinë	Lazarine
Lazarit	Lazarus
le	the
lë	OFF TO
Lea	That's it.
Leaha	Leah
Leahë	Leah
Leahën	Leah
Leahenë	Leahena
Leahënë	Leah
Leahës	Leah's
Leahesë	Leahe
Leahësë	Leah
Lean	Lean
leannoth	follow
Leas	Welfare
Leavimët	Levites
Leb	Leb
Lebanahut	Lebanon
Lebanas	Lebanas
Lebaothi	Lebaoth
Lebaothin	Lebaothin
Lebbeu	Lebbe
Lebe	Live
lebër	leprosy
lebetituni	the truth
Lebeu	Lebeau
Lebonahut	Lebonahut
lebra	arm
lebre	hare
lebrën	leprosy
lebrës	leprosy
lebros	books
lebrose	lebrose
lebrosë	lepers
lebrosët	lepers
Lebrosi	Leprosy
lebrosin	lebrosin
lebrosit	leper
lebrosur	lebrosur
lebrosuri	lepers
lebrosurit	lepers
lëç	leave
lecëka	rag
leçis	lecithin
leçisënë	the lech
leçisinë	lechisin
leçisninë	leçinina
leçit	let it go
leçita	lechita
leçitës	exfoliant
leçitësin	the leech
leçitet	leech
leçiti	Lechiti
leçitnia	leçitnia
leçitnjë	let alone
leçitnjënë	let alone
leçitunë	lechitun
leçiturit	the leech
lecka	cloth
ledh	levee
ledhat	levee
ledhe	moat
ledhet	levee
ledheve	mounts
lee	lee
lefinë	the leaf
leftë	leaf
lefteri	left-handed
lefteria	leftist
lefterin	the notebook
lefterinë	notebook
leftero	left-handed
lefteros	lefteros
lefteroseç	lefterrosec
lefterosemi	left-handedness
lefterosetë	notebook
lefterosi	lefty
lefterosjë	left-handed person
lefterostë	left-wing
lefterosurë	left-handed
lëfto	left
lëftoftë	let it be
lëftoi	left
lëftoijnë	they leave
lëftoj	leave
lëftojë	leave
lëftojënë	the leaven
lëftojmë	we leave
lëftojsh	leave
lëfton	leaves
lëftoni	leave
lëftonjç	leave
lëftonjë	leave
lëftonjënë	leave one
lëftova	left
lëftuanë	they left
lëftuarë	left
legen	place
legenë	basins
legenët	bowls
legeni	pelvis
legenin	laver
Legion	Legion
legjen	the leg
legjeni	legion
Legjeon	Legion
legjeona	legion
legjeonë	legion
legjeoninë	legionary
legjet	the doctor
Legjion	Legion
legjione	legions
Legjioni	Legion
Legjioniishte	Legionnaire
Legjionin	The Legion
lëgjiroi	read
lëgjironte	was reading
lëgjiruem	legit
leh	with
lehabimët	Lehabites
lehcoijnë	they facilitate
lehe	l jewel
lehë	bark
Lehemi	Lehem
leheni	leheni
lehëso	make it easier
lehet	can be
lehetë	easy
Lehi	Lehi
lehin	after
lehnjënë	the blemish
lehsonesh	lehsonesh
lehta	light
lehtë	easily
lehtësi	ease
lehtësim	EASE
lehtësimi	MITIGATION
lehtësisht	easily
lehtëso	Ease
lehtësohen	ease
lehtësoi	eased
lehtësoje	lighten
lehtësojë	ease
lehtësonte	ease
lehtësove	relieved
lehtësuan	eased
lehtësuar	FACILITATE
lehu	ash
lei	law
leilekut	games
leja	LEAVE
leje	rent
lejë	leave
lejen	PERMIT
lejën	permit
lejinë	permission
lejlek	wader
lejleku	stork
lejlekun	stork
lejlekut	stork
lejmoni	lemons
lejmoninë	lemongrass
lejmonisë	lemon balm
lejmonismë	Laimonism
lejmonjar	lejmonjar
lejmonjare	tenant farmer
lejmonjarë	liberals
lejmosimea	lejmosimea
lejmosin	lejmosin
lejmosinit	don't let me
lejo	ALLOW
lejoftë	indeed permits
lejohej	allowed
lejohen	allowed
lejohet	allowed
lejoi	allowed
lejoj	allow
lejoje	allow
lejojë	GRANT
lejojmë	allow
lejojnë	allow
lejon	GRANTS
Lejona	Lejona
lejoni	ALLOW
lejonin	allow
lejonte	allow
lejosh	allow
lejova	I allowed
lejove	lejove
lejua	allowed
lejuan	allowed
lejuar	APPROVED
lejueshëm	permissible
lejueshme	PERMISSIBLE
Lekahut	Lecah
lekanë	Lekan
lekanet	internet
lekanët	the Lekans
lekanëtë	Lekanes
lektizë	palanquin
lëkunç	swing
lëkund	vibrate
lëkundem	totter
lëkunden	shake
lëkundën	stumble
lëkundenë	sway
lëkundeni	waver
lëkundeshin	moved
lëkundet	rolling
lëkundetë	swing
lëkundie	swing
lëkundiet	swing
lëkundtë	wobbly
lëkundunë	sway
lëkundur	swing
lëkundurë	wavering
lëkundurve	falling
lëkunt	but
lëkuntnë	swing
lëkuntnjë	wobbly
lëkura	peelings
lëkurash	skins
lëkurat	leather
lëkure	LEATHER
lëkurë	LEATHER
lëkurën	skin
lëkurëndritur	smooth
lëkurëpunues	currier
lëkurëpunuesi	leatherworker
lëkurëpunuesit	leatherworkers
lëkurëra	skins
lëkurës	skin
lëkurësh	tannery
lëkurët	LEATHER
lëkurëta	skin
lëkurtë	Leather case
lelekut	leleku
lem	lem
lëm	field, etc.
lema	motto
lëma	lëma
lemë	leave it
lëme	lame
lëmë	area
lemeja	lems
lëmën	to lie
lëmenjtë	AREAS
lemeri	fright
lemerie	confusion
lemerisë	terror
lemes	smooth
lemesë	lesson
lëmësë	sand
lemesh	lemesh
lemi	less
lëmi	FIELD
lëmin	FIELD
leminë	Lemine
lëmishte	dirt
lëmishten	speck
lemit	Lemi
lëmit	areas
lëmosha	charity
lëmoshat	alms
lëmoshë	charity
lëmoshën	charity
lëmoshëna	alms
lëmoshënat	alms
lëmoshënë	alms
lëmoshënënë	almsgiving
lëmoshënësë	almsgiver
lëmoshët	charity
lëmshin	mess
lëmuar	polished
lëmuara	smooth
Lemuel	Lemuel
Lemuil	Lemuel
len	only
lën	Len
lena	with him
lëna	DONATION
lënat	Lena
lënçin	forsake you
lënda	OBJECT
lëndë	CASE
lëndën	SUBJECT
lendet	CASES
lendëtë	lean
lëndim	hurt
lëndinës	lawn
lëndohesh	hurt
lëndohet	injured
lëndon	Lendo
lëndoni	hurt
lëndor	subject
lëndorët	earthy
lënduar	WOUND
lënduarë	injured
lene	lean
lenë	leave
lënë	LEFT
lënësë	leaver
lëng	FLUID
lëngata	infirmity
lëngatash	sick
lëngatat	infirmities
lëngate	infirmity
lëngatë	sick
lëngët	liquid
lëngimit	liquefaction
lëngojnë	suffer
lëngon	ailing
lëngoni	lie down
lëngonin	sick
lënguar	infirmity
lënguara	infirmity
lënguari	sick
lënguarish	sick
lënguarit	sick
lëngun	fluid
leni	leni
lenjë	Leaving
lënjë	Leaving
lenjënë	leave
lënk	Lenka
lenmë	leave me
lente	spring
lëntë	will turn
lenuem	lenuem
lenuenë	abandoned
lënurë	abandoned
leon	leon
Leondar	Leondar
leondarëvet	the leonards
leondari	leonardi
leonë	lion
leonësh	lions
leonëvet	the lions
leoni	leoni
leonit	Leon
leopard	leopard
leopardët	leopard
leopardëve	leopard
leopardhalla	leopardhalla
leopardi	leopards
lëparqea	leparqea
lëpijë	lick
lëpijnë	lick
lëpijshinë	lick
lëpimë	lick
lëpin	licks
lëpinë	licked
lëpinin	they licked
lëpirë	licking
lepra	leprosy
leprë	leprosy
leprosurë	leprosy
leprosurit	leprosy
leprosuritë	leprosy
lepujt	warren
lepujtë	rabbits
lepujve	rabbits
lepurat	lepurat
lepurin	hare
lepurinë	the rabbit
leq	leq
leqe	reluctant
lëqe	skin
lëqene	slang
lëqenë	they are dirty
lëqenit	you were leaving
lëqenj	I was lying.
lëqenjt	the leaves
lëqenjtë	the leeches
lëqent	leak
lëqerat	skins
lëqeri	slander
leqet	leak
leqevet	gap
Ler	To read
lër	ABANDON
lerë	muck
lëre	cut it out
lërë	leave
lerëmë	let's go
lerëna	left
lëreni	Leave
lerësë	leaves
lerët	leaves
lerëtë	leaves
lërëtë	leave
leri	which
lëri	Suffer
lërimit	plowing
lërini	Let the
lerit	read
leritë	freedoms
lërja	Roll
Lermë	Let
lërmë	Let me
lèrna	learn
Lërna	Learn
lërofsh	scum
lërohen	plow
lërohet	plowing
lërojë	plow
lërojnë	plow
lërojsh	plow
lëron	plow
lëroni	Break up
lëronin	plowing
lëronjç	leronjc
lëronte	lessons
leros	leros
lerosura	lerosura
lerosurë	dirty
lerosurënë	dirty
lëruar	plowed
lëruarë	plowed
Lëruesit	ploughmen
lesa	read
lesës	threshing sledge
lesh	lesh
lësh	leave
Lesha	Lesha
Leshemit	Leshem
leshëra	fur
leshërat	Lesher
leshëtore	woolly
leshi	WOOL
lëshim	RELEASE
lëshime	concessions
leshin	wool
lësho	Issues
lëshoç	release
lëshofç	leaf
lëshofça	leaf
lëshofsh	release
lëshohej	released
lëshohen	released
lëshohet	released
lëshoi	unleashed
lëshoijnë	they release
lëshoj	unleash
Lëshoja	Give
Lëshoje	Let it go.
lëshojë	release
lëshojnë	Lays
lëshojsh	release
lëshon	releases
lëshona	we let go
lëshonej	let go
lëshonenë	let go
lëshonetë	let go
lëshoni	release
lëshonin	flee
lëshonj	I release
lëshonjç	let go
lëshonjë	release
lëshonjënë	let go
lëshonte	shouted
lëshosh	release
lëshove	I left
leshratë	hairy
lesht	fur
leshta	woolen
leshtë	woolly
leshtor	leshtor
leshtore	leshtore
lëshua	I released
lëshuan	released
lëshuanë	they released
lëshuar	released
lëshuarë	released
lesojë	he harrow
letë	Letter
letër	paper
letëra	LETTER
letërat	paper
letëratë	literature
letërë	paper
letërënë	the letter
letërësë	writers
letërët	the letters
letërndarja	divorcement
letërsia	literature
letërsinë	literature
leti	years
letra	letter
letrat	letters
letrave	cards
letre	PAPER
letrën	PAPER
letrënë	the letter
letrës	PAPER
Letushimët	Letushims
Letushimi	Lettuce
leu	today
Leumimi	Leumi
Leummimëtë	Leummimëtë
Lev	Lev
leva	he takes
lëvdata	Compliments
lëvdëruarë	praised
lëvdim	PRAISE
lëvdime	praise
lëvdimet	praise
lëvdimetë	praise
lëvdimi	thanksgiving
lëvdimin	praise
lëvdimit	thanks
lëvdimn	praise
lëvdimnë	praise
lëvdo	praise
lëvdoftë	be praised
lëvdoheni	sing
lëvdohesh	boast
lëvdohet	praised
Lëvdohuni	Glory
lëvdoi	praised
lëvdoijnë	praise
lëvdoj	praise
lëvdojë	praise
lëvdojëmë	praise me
lëvdojënë	praise
lëvdojeni	Praise
lëvdojmë	praise
lëvdojnë	PRAISE
lëvdon	praises
lëvdonem	I praise myself.
lëvdonemi	we praise
lëvdonesh	you praise
lëvdonetë	praise
lëvdoni	praise
lëvdonin	glorified
lëvdonishë	praise
lëvdonj	praise
lëvdonjë	praise
lëvdonjënë	praise
lëvdonte	praise
lëvdorët	the praisers
lëvdosh	glorify
lëvdova	I praised
lëvdove	you praised
lëvdua	hailed
lëvduan	glorified
lëvduanë	praised
lëvduar	praise
lëvduara	praised
lëvduaravet	praiseworthy
lëvduarë	praised
lëvduarët	the praisers
lëvduari	Praiseworthy
lëvdurimnë	praise
lëvduronjë	boastful
lëvduronjënë	praiseworthy
lëvdurua	praised
leve	live
leverdis	be convenient
leverdishme	expedient
Leveua	Leveua
Levi	Levi
Leviatani	Leviathans
Leviatanit	Leviathan
Leviathani	Leviathani
Leviathanin	Leviathan
Leviathaninë	Leviathan
Leviathanit	Leviathanit
Levin	Levin
Levinë	Leviathan
Levínë	Leviathan
lëvis	move
lëvisnjënë	movement
lëviste	moved the pole
levit	jacket
Levita	Raised
levitë	Levites
Levitër	Leviticus
levitët	Levites
Levitëtë	Levites
levitëve	Levites
Levitëvet	Levites
leviti	levites
levitike	Leviticus
levitin	spreader
levitit	Levite
Leviu	Lift up
Leviut	Leviut
lëviz	move
lëviza	I moved
lëvize	Push back
lëvizë	move
lëvizën	moved
lëvizësh	moving
lëvizet	moved
lëvizi	moved
lëvizim	move
lëvizin	move
lëvizja	movement
lëvizje	MOTION
lëvizjen	motion
lëvizjes	moBIlIty
lëvizjet	movements
lëvizni	Flick
lëviznin	moved
lëvizte	moving
lëvizur	moving
lëvoren	bark
lëvrojsh	to peel
lëvruenë	left behind
leximin	reading
leximit	reading
lexohej	read
lexohen	read
lexohet	read
lexoi	read
lexoj	read
lexoje	read
lexojë	read
lexojnë	read
lexon	reads
lexoni	read
lexonin	they read
lexonte	read
lexosh	read
lexove	you read
lexua	read
lexuan	read
lexuar	READ
lexuari	reading
lezetit	loveliest
li	that
libacion	libation
libacione	libation
libacionet	libationet
libacioneve	libationeve
libacioni	libations
libacionin	libationin
libacionit	drink
Liban	Lebanon
Libanë	Lebanon
Libani	Lebanon
Libanin	Lebanon
Libaninë	Lebanon
Libanit	Lebanon
liber	free
libër	book
libërth	booklet
libërthin	booklet
libertinë	libertine
Libertinëtka	Libertines
libertinëve	libertines
Libertinëvet	Libertines
Libës	Libya
libianë	Libyan
libianët	Libyan
Libisë	Libya
Libnah	Libnah
Libnahësë	Libnah
Libnahu	Libnah
Libnahun	Lebanon
Libnahut	Libnahut
Libnathin	Libnath
Libni	Be happy
Libnin	Lebanon
libnitëve	Lib'nites
libra	libra
librash	books
librat	the books
libratë	books
librave	BOOKS
librën	the book
librës	book
librësë	bookworm
libri	books
librin	THE BOOK
librinë	the book
librit	THE BOOK
Libysë	Libya
Lida	Lida
Lidas	Read
Lidë	Lydda
Lidës	Lids
lidh	CONNECT
lidha	I made
lidhç	connector
lidhe	CONNECT
lidhë	connect
lidhei	Lidhey
lidhej	plugged
lidhëja	connection
lidhëjat	connectors
lidhëje	plugged
lidhëjë	connect
lidhëjësë	connector
lidhëjet	connections
lidhem	log on
lidhëm	dealt
lidhëmë	we connected
lidhëmesë	connector
lidhen	RELATED
lidhën	bound
lidhenë	connect
lidheni	connect
lidhëse	CONNECTION
Lidhësë	Connector
lidhësen	thong
lidhëset	laces
lidhesh	bound
lidhësh	bind
lidheshin	ASSOCIATED
lidhësi	CONNECTOR
lidhet	REGARDING
lidhët	you related
lidhetë	connect
lidhi	Bind
lidhim	link
lidhin	bind
lidhinë	connection
lidhish	lidhish
lidhja	connection
lidhje	RELATED
lidhjë	link
lidhjen	RELATIONSHIP
lidhjënë	the connection
lidhjes	CONNECTION
lidhjet	connections
lidhjeve	CONNECTIONS
lidhnë	connect
lidhni	connect
lidhnin	bound
lidhnjënë	connection
lidhte	linking
lidhtë	linking
lidhuna	we connected
lidhunat	connections
lidhunatë	connections
lidhunavet	connections
lidhunë	connected
lidhuni	Contact
lidhunin	they connected
lidhunit	connect
lidhunitë	connections
lidhur	connected
lidhura	RELATED
lidhurat	Shrovetide
lidhuratë	ties
lidhurë	connected
lidhuret	ties
lidhurëvet	relatives
lidhuri	associating
lidhurinë	connection
lidhurit	strings
lidhuritë	connections
Lidia	Lidia
Lidias	Lydia
lieijnë	leave
liej	liej
liejë	leave
lien	lien
liera	ally
lierë	lyre
lieri	to be honest
lig	light
liga	league
ligat	tie
ligatë	leagues
ligë	WICKED
ligëjënë	the league
ligën	League
ligenë	league
ligënë	the league
ligësë	league
ligështi	faintness
ligështim	falter
ligështimin	wasting
ligështin	weakness
ligështinë	faintness
ligështo	discouraged
ligështoftë	faint
ligështohej	fainted
ligështohemi	wither
ligështohen	languish
ligështoheni	faint
ligështohesh	you cast
ligështoheshin	fainted
ligështohet	melt
ligështojë	consume
ligështon	weakeneth
ligështonetë	faint
ligështua	melted
ligështuan	They fade away
ligështuar	downhearted
ligështuarë	faint
ligësi	viciousness
ligësia	WICKEDNESS
ligësie	naughtiness
ligësinë	craftiness
ligësisë	evil
ligësish	evil
ligësitë	evils
ligësive	badness
ligët	lean
ligetë	league
ligëtë	leagues
ligj	LAW
ligja	laws exist
ligjat	law
Ligjdhënës	legislative
ligje	laws
ligjë	law
ligjën	Act of
ligjënë	law
ligjënit	the law
ligjërata	lecture
ligjëratat	lectures
ligjëratavet	lectures
ligjëratë	lecture
ligjëratën	lecture
ligjëratënë	the lecture
ligjëratës	lecture
ligjëroj	orate
ligjëron	lectures
ligjëronjënë	lecturer
ligjëruanë	they lectured
ligjëruem	lectured
ligjës	indictable
ligjësë	law enforcement
ligjet	law
ligjët	law
ligjëtar	legislator
ligjëtarëtë	the legislators
ligjëtarëvet	lawyers
ligjeve	law
ligji	LAW
ligjin	LAW
ligjit	LAW
ligjshkelësit	lawbreakers
ligjshkelësve	lawbreakers
ligjshme	LAWFUL
ligjtë	WICKED
ligjvënësi	lawmaker
ligjvënësve	legislators
ligjyrë	purple
lignë	sick
ligte	lights
ligu	league
ligun	Evil
ligut	Evil
ligyrë	lycaenid
lihej	left
lihen	left
lihenë	left
liheshin	were left
lihet	leave
lihetë	left
lihni	lean
lihninë	the linden
lihnit	you are welcome
lihnitë	the linnets
lihnivet	likhnivt
lij	leave
lijinë	the line
lijn	line
lijnë	leave
lijte	pour
lik	ok
Likaonëvet	Lycaonians
likaonike	to be seen
Likaonisë	Lycaonia
likaonisht	Lycaonian
Likhi	Likhi
Likisë	Lycia
liksht	licks
likshtë	lick
likshton	lycstone
likshtue	likhshtuye
liktorët	The police
likura	liqueur
likure	liqueur
likurë	liqueur
lima	five
liman	port
Limane	Slimy
Limanet	Havens
limani	harbor
limanin	Harbor
limoshënë	almsgiving
limoshënës	almsgiver
limoshënësë	almsgiver
lind	lind
linda	linda
lindçë	east
linde	linde
lindë	bear
lindëjesë	eastern
lindëm	WE WERE born
linden	linden
lindën	Linda
lindeni	linden
lindës	generative
lindëse	childbirth
lindësh	East
lindësit	the births
lindet	linden
lindetë	born
lindi	stay
lindin	BORN
lindja	BIRTH
lindje	EAST
lindjen	EAST
lindjes	East
lindni	birth
lindnin	born
lindor	lindor
lindore	EAST
lindorëve	Eastern
lindte	birth
lindur	BORN
lindura	BORN
lindurë	unborn
linduri	is born
lindurit	NATIVES
linduritë	births
lingat	careless
lingatash	lingatash
lingatatë	lingatate
lingate	linget
lingatë	lingat
lingatësë	lingat
lingon	turn around
lini	line
linia	line
linin	leave
linit	Lin
linjta	line
lint	lint
linta	leech
lintat	lint
linte	leave
lintë	lint
lintjënë	one person
lintnë	lintne
lintnjë	east
lintnjënë	east one
lintte	ribbon
linttë	lint
Linua	Linua
liondar	liondar
liondarëvet	lions
liondari	liondar
liondarit	liondarit
Lioni	Lions
lipëj	beg
lipën	Lipe
lipëni	beg
lipinjënë	Lipinje
lipsej	lip service
lipsëj	I need
lipsem	by mistake
lipsenë	missing
lipset	be necessary
lipsetë	lack
lipshinë	poverty
lipsi	lack
lipsjë	missing
lipsotë	missing today
lipsovet	lipsovet
lipsuratë	lust
lipsurit	deprived
lipsuritë	shortages
lipurë	linden
liq	liquid
liqen	lake
liqeni	Lake
liqenin	LAKE
liqenit	LAKE
liqere	it's half
Liqisë	Lake
liqtë	wicked
liqvet	liquid
lira	lira
lirë	cheap
lirën	lyre
lirënë	the lira
lireni	lire
lirës	Lyra
lirësë	freedom
lirësh	free
lirëtë	LIT
lirëve	freeborns
liri	pounds
liria	freedom
lirie	freedom
Lirime	Tongue
lirimin	release
lirin	flax
lirinë	FREEDOM
lirisë	FREEDOM
lirisht	FREELY
lirit	Lear
liro	lira
lirohenë	are released
liroheni	released
lirohesh	released
lirohet	ACQUITTED
liroi	released
liroj	release
liroje	Deliver
lirojë	release
Liroji	Leroy
lirojmë	release
lirojsh	lirojsh
liromëni	Deliver me
liron	SETS
lironi	release
lironin	release
lironjç	lironjç
lironjë	free
lironte	release
lirova	lirova
lirove	lirove
lirshëm	freely
lirua	released
liruan	released
liruanë	they released
liruar	releasing
liruarë	released
liruari	freedman
liruarit	the freed
liruat	liruat
lirue	released
liruem	liruem
liruesi	liberator
liruetë	free
lis	lis
lisa	lisa
Lisania	Lisania
lisat	Lisa
lisatë	leaves
lisave	oaks
lisavet	oak trees
lishëravet	the meats
lishitë	the lice
lisho	it means
lishofsh	lishofsh
lishofsha	lishofsha
lishoftë	lice
lishohi	lishahi
lishoi	lishoi
lishoj	lishoj
Lishoje	Lishoje
lishojë	leave
lishomë	leave me alone
lishon	lishon
lishonte	it's beautiful
lishove	lishove
lishu	lishu
lishue	lishue
lishuem	we are tired
lishueme	lishueme
lishuemë	let us go
lishuenë	abandoned
lishumë	lice
lishunë	lice
lisi	list
Lisia	Lysias
lisin	lysine
lisinë	the oak
Lisisë	Lysias
lisit	Lis
Lisiu	Lisiu
lisnë	oak
list	list
lista	list
listat	LISTS
listën	list
Listër	Lystra
Listra	Stripe
Listrë	Lystra
Listrës	Lystra
litar	circuit
litarë	rig
litarësh	rope
litarët	cords
litarëve	ropes
litari	gasket
litarin	rope
lith	lith
lithç	lithç
lithmë	lime
lithnë	stone
lithni	lithni
Lithostroto	Lithostroto
lithte	light
lithtë	light
litra	liter
litrë	liter
litri	LITER
littar	liter
Liturgo	Liturgy
Livadhet	Meadows
Livadhetë	Meadows
livan	Lebanon
livanda	in Lebanon
livandë	lavender
livanë	Lebanese
Livani	Livani
Livaninë	Lebanon
Livanit	Livani
livath	livath
livatht	livatht
Livënë	Livonia
Livertinëvet	Livertines
Liviesë	Libya
livisë	Libya
livisimë	living room
livisinë	the movement
livron	delivered
livruem	free
Lizania	Lizania
Lk	Lk
Llabanit	Llaban
llabben	llabben
llaç	bow
llaçi	MORTAR
llaçin	mortar
llaçit	MORTAR
llafazan	chatty
llafazane	chatty
llafazanë	talkers
llafe	blah
Llafet	blah
Llahai	Llahai
llahtarë	terror
llahtarën	the horror
llahtarës	dread
llahtari	Fear
llahtarshëm	monstrous
llahtarshme	fearful
llaiko	layman
llaikoit	you are lying
Llaish	Laish
llama	calls
llamba	bulbs
llambadha	lamp
llambadhat	the lamps
llambadhatë	chandeliers
llambadhe	lamp
llambadhë	lamp
llambat	lamp
llambave	Luminaries
llambe	Lambe
llambë	lamp
llambën	lamp
llambës	BULB
llamburit	glare
llamburitnë	the lights
Llamed	Llamed
Llamehu	Llamehu
Llamehut	Llamehut
llamps	lightning
llampsi	lightning
llampsinë	lamprey
llampsjë	lightning
llampsura	lightning
llampsurë	lightning
llampsurit	lightning
llao	called
Llaodhiqi	Laodicea
Llaodhiqia	Laodhiqia
Llaodhiqisë	Laodicea
llaoi	song
llaoit	laoit
llaon	soon
llaonë	Lao people
llaora	crying
llaot	llaot
llaotë	Laotian
Llaqishi	Llaqishi
Llasa	Llasa
Llasarit	Llasarit
Llasea	Llasea
Llatinërisht	Latin
Llatinërishte	Latin
llatreps	llatreps
llatrepsjëmë	three-quarters
llatrepsjënë	three times
llatri	llatri
llatrisë	laughter
llaus	lousy
llausn	sweet
llausnë	llausne
llaust	listen
llauz	llauz
llauze	llauze
llauzë	slang
llauzet	llauzet
llauzetë	the lavuzets
llauzevet	llauzevet
llauzëvet	the lauzes
llauzi	llauzi
llauzit	llauzit
llauznë	lauzne
Llavan	They call
Llavani	Lavani
Llavaninë	The laundry
Llavanit	Laundry
llavven	llavven
Llazar	Lazar
Llazari	Lazarus
Llazarin	Lazarus
Llazarinë	Lazarus
Llazaro	Lazarus
lleanoth	lleanoth
llëra	slander
llërë	forearm
llërët	forearms
Lleviu	Leviticus
llogari	ACCOUNT
llogarias	calculate
llogariasurë	calculator
llogarin	account
llogarinë	account
llogaris	compute
llogarisë	compute
llogarisjë	calculate
llogarisnë	calculate
llogarit	Calculate
llogarite	calculation
llogaritë	calculation
llogaritej	estimated
llogariten	accounted
llogaritën	counted
llogaritësh	count
llogariteshin	estimated
llogaritet	calculated
llogaritjen	calculation
llogaritni	count
llogaritur	INCLUDED
llogjiasi	the accountant
llogjismot	logic
llogore	sap
llogori	trench
llogorinë	the trench
lloi	calves
Lloidhënë	Lloidhëna
llois	llois
lloish	lloish
lloj	KIND
lloje	types
llojet	The types
llojeve	SPECIES
lloji	Business
llojit	SPECIES
llojlloj	all kinds
Llomatari	Llomatari
llomatia	llomatia
Llot	Mud
Llotani	Llotani
Llotanit	Lotan
Lloti	Lloty
Llotit	Lot
Llotnë	Tears
lloza	lloza
llozat	syllabus
lloze	lloze
llucë	slush
llucët	mud
Lludë	Lluda
Lludhi	Lludhi
Lludhimët	The Ludhims
Llukai	Lucas
Llukait	Llukait
llum	light
llumin	dregs
llupës	greedy
llupurit	lusts
Lluqioi	Lucioi
Lluqoi	Luqoi
Lluz	Lluz
Lluzë	Sludge
Lo	It
loç	puddle
Lod	Lod
Lodebar	Solder bar
Lodebaru	Lodebar
lodërti	toy
lodërz	tambourines
lodh	jade
lodha	lodha
lodhçim	fatigue
lodhe	weary
lodhem	get tired
lodhëm	weariness
lodhemi	weary
lodhen	weary
lodhën	weary
lodhenë	tired
lodheni	wearied
lodhesh	tire
lodhësh	weary
lodhet	jade
lodhetë	tired
lodhi	lodhi
lodhin	exasperate
lodhja	fatigue
lodhje	fatigue
lodhjen	fatigue
lodhjes	fatigue
lodhni	weary
lodhun	they get tired
lodhunë	tired
lodhur	weary
lodhura	weary
lodhurë	tired
lodhurin	weary
lodhurinë	fatigue
lodhurit	weary
lodhuritë	fatigue
Lodin	Load
Lodit	Ludite
lodra	TOYS
lodrë	toy
lodrëti	toy
log	log
logu	window
logun	war
Loida	Loida
Loide	Lazy
lojë	game
lojën	GAME
lokaliteti	Location
lokalitetin	the locality
lokalitetit	location
lomatare	court
lopa	beads
loparëtë	cows
lopata	row
lopatat	Shovels
lopatë	shovel
lopatën	the shovel
lopatënë	the shovel
lopatëzat	shovels
lope	lope
lopë	cow
lopën	cow
lopës	cow
lopësh	cow
lopët	cow
lopëtë	cows
lopëve	cows
lopëvet	cows
los	the
losinë	losin
losnjë	lottery
loste	solved
lot	lot
Lotani	What is it?
Lotanit	Lotanit
lotë	tears
lotësh	tears
lotët	tears
lotëve	lOTS
loth	loth
Lothan	Lothan
lothnë	tears
lothshim	lothshim
Loti	Lot
Lotin	Latin
Lotit	Lot
lotsh	lot
lott	lott
lotusit	Lote
lovidhet	lovidhet
loz	lie
lozë	tendril
lozënë	game
lozësh	toys
lozi	vine
lozin	lozi
lozurë	lozurë
Lp	Lp
luadh	mentioned
Luadhet	meadows
luaijnë	they play
luaj	clean
luaja	playing
luajë	play
luajnë	play
luajsh	play
luajtën	played
luajti	starred
luajtinë	the toy
luajtitë	the games
luajtnë	play
luajtur	played
luajturë	play with them
luan	PLAYING
luanë	lion
luanësh	lions
luanesha	lioness
luaneshat	lioness
luaneshe	lioness
luaneshë	lioness
luaneshën	lion
luaneshës	lioness
luanët	lions
luanëve	lions
luani	LION
luanin	lion
luanit	lion
luanjë	comes into
luanjënë	the lioness
lubinë	lupine
Luc	Luc
luç	luc
lucë	Luce
luçë	lake
lucënë	lucena
Luci	Lights
Lucifer	Lucifer
Lucit	It shines.
Lud	Lud
Ludi	Play
ludimët	Ludites
Ludit	He plays.
lueiti	lueiti
lueitnë	lueitn
lueitun	read
lueitunë	lueitune
luejënë	the game
luejshinë	playfulness
lueni	luene
lufe	lufe
lufta	war
luftarake	COMBAT
luftash	air ash
lufte	war
luftë	war
luftën	FIGHT
luftëna	war
luftënash	warrior
luftënat	wars
luftënatë	wartime
luftënë	the war
luftëra	wars
luftërash	wars
luftërat	wars
luftëratë	wars
luftërave	wars
luftëravet	wars
luftës	WAR
luftësë	war
luftët	war
luftëtar	FIGHTER
luftëtarë	warriors
luftëtarësh	warriors
luftëtarët	warrior
luftëtarëtë	the warriors
luftëtarëve	warrior
luftëtari	the warrior
luftëtarin	warrior
luftëtarinë	warrior
luftëtë	wars
luftim	fight
luftimet	The fighting
luftimi	FIGHTING
luftimin	FIGHTING
luftimit	combat
luftit	war
lufto	FIGHT
luftoftë	let him fight
luftoi	fought
luftoj	fight
luftoje	fight back
luftojë	fight
luftojënë	fight
luftojmë	fight
luftojnë	fight
luftojsh	fight
lufton	Fights
luftoni	STRUGGLE
luftonin	fight
luftoninë	the war
luftonjë	fighter
luftonjënë	fighter
luftonte	fight
luftosh	fight
luftova	fought
luftuan	fought
luftuanë	they fought
luftuar	FIGHT
luftuarë	fought
luftuem	we fought
luftuenë	fought
lugët	concave
lugina	valley
luginat	valleys
luginave	valley
lugine	valley
luginë	valley
luginën	The Valley
luginës	valley
luhatur	fluctuated
Luhithit	Luhithit
Luithësë	Luithes
luitunë	lute
lujshinë	playfulness
Luka	Wound
Lukë	Luka
Lukësë	Luke
Lukiu	Luke
luks	luxury
lukset	luxuries
luksi	luxury
luksin	luxury
luksit	luxury
luksoze	luxury
lukuni	kennel
lukurisi	Lukurisi
lule	FLORAL
lulej	flower
lulëj	bloom
luleja	represents
lulëja	the flower
lulen	flower
lules	cells
lulesh	FLOWERY
lulet	the flowers
luletë	flower
lulëzim	blossoming
lulëzimi	flowering
lulëzofshin	flourish
lulëzoi	flourished
lulëzojë	flourish
lulëzojënë	bloom
lulëzojnë	flourish
lulëzon	booming
lulëzonjë	flower girl
lulëzonjënë	ladybug
lulëzuan	flowered
lulëzuar	flourishing
lulëzuatë	blossoms
lulëzuem	flourished
lulishtesh	flowerbed
lulja	FLOWER
lum	light
lumburoni	Lumbini
lume	world
lumë	stream
lumën	Luma
lumëna	river
lumënat	rivers
lumënate	river night
lumenë	lumens
lumënë	the river
lumënia	the river
lumenj	rivers
lumënj	rivers
lumenjsh	rivers
lumënjt	rivers
lumenjtë	rivers
Lumënjtë	clear rivers
lumenjve	rivers
lumënoim	blessing
lumënon	blesses
lumënuem	blessed
lumëra	river
lumëratë	river
lumëravet	rivers
lumëron	prospers
lumëronenë	blessed
lumëronjë	bless you
lumëronjënë	blessed one
lumëruarë	blessed
lumët	Blessed are
lumi	room
lumin	lose
luminë	the river
lumit	RIVER
lumnash	river
lumnat	lumnat
lumnavet	the light bulb
lumnë	good luck
lumni	happiness
Lumnia	Light
Lumnitë	Happiness
lumra	lumra
lumrash	rivers
lumrat	rivers
lumratë	beautiful
lumravet	sly
lumt	Well done
lumta	old
lumtë	Well done
Lumthi	It is a tree.
lumtur	HAPPY
lumtura	HAPPY
lumturë	happy
lumturi	HAPPINESS
lumturinë	happiness
lumturohemi	triumph
lumun	pearl
lumunë	river
lumuni	light
lumur	smear
lumura	mud
lumurë	happiness
lumurënë	good luck
lumuri	smear
lumurit	moss
lundër	boat
lundërthyerje	shipwreck
lundra	otter
lundrash	sailing
lundrat	boats
lundratë	ferry
lundrë	sail
lundrën	lundrën
lundrënë	sailed
lundrësë	navigator
lundret	swindled
lundrët	sail
lundrëza	sailboat
lundrëzë	boat
lundrëzënë	sailboat
lundrëzët	sailors
lundrim	cruise
lundrimi	sailing
lundrimin	navigation
lundrimit	cruise
lundroi	sailed
lundrojim	sailing
lundrojinë	navigation
lundrojmë	sail
lundrojnë	sail
lundronim	sail
lundronin	sailing
lundronte	sailing
lundruam	sail
lundruan	sailed
lundruar	navigate
lundruem	sailed
lundruemitë	sailing ships
lundruenë	sailing ship
lus	language
lusëmë	please
lusënë	lusena
lusim	We ask
lusimë	we wish
lusinë	the moon
lusish	lusish
lusnë	pray
lusnin	lusnin
lusnjë	morning
lusnjënë	next day
luspa	scales
luspat	scales
lustër	sheen
lustrojnë	polished
lustruar	Patent
lut	access
luta	fight
lutçë	prayer
lute	lute
lutei	I fought
lutej	Prayerful
lutëja	prayer
lutëje	pray
lutëjen	the prayer
lutëjenë	pray
lutëjes	prayer
lutëjesë	prayer
lutëjet	prayers
lutëjetë	prayer life
lutëjevet	prayers
lutejn	pray
lutejnë	pray
lutem	please
lutëm	prayed
lutëmesë	lutëmesë
lutemi	please
luten	Beg
lutën	Lute
lutenë	pray
luteni	lieutenant
lutësa	supplicant
lutesh	PRAY
lutesha	I prayed
luteshim	pray
luteshimë	we pray
luteshin	pray
luteshinë	prayer
lutësitë	prayers
lutet	PRAYING
lutetë	pray
luti	little
lutiesë	prayer
lutin	lutin
lutinë	prayer
lutishëm	pleadingly
lutishnë	prayer
lutiu	lithium
Lutiuni	Luthion
lutja	prayer
lutje	prayer
lutjeje	prayer
lutjen	prayer
lutjes	prayer
lutjesë	prayer
lutjesh	PRAYER
lutjet	prayers
lutjeve	prayers
lutju	pray
lutjuni	pray
lutn	lutn
lutnë	please
lutni	lute
lutnin	lute
lutnjë	prayer
lutnjën	the prayer
lutnjënë	prayer
lutsh	lol
lutshin	fear
lutu	bow
lutun	lute
lutuna	brass
lutunat	it is muddy
lutunavet	lutunavet
lutunë	prayer
lutuni	PRAY
lutunit	prayer
lutunitë	prayers
lutur	PLEASE
lutura	cleaning
luturat	washes
luturë	prayer
luturi	clays
luturit	washes
luturitë	prayers
Lydda	Listen
Lyddë	Lydde
Lydi	Accompanying
Lydisë	Lydia
lyei	where
lyej	dye
lyeje	cover it
lyejënë	paint
lyejnë	anointing
lyejsh	paint
lyeju	I am pouring.
lyem	lyem
lyeme	beautiful
lyemeja	light
lyemenë	paint
lyemin	painting
lyeminë	painting
lyemit	paint
lyen	link
lyeni	coat
lyenin	anoint
lyenjç	lyenjç
lyenjsh	paint
lyente	dye
lyer	painted
lyera	painted
lyerë	painted
lyerësin	the painter
lyerët	painters
lyerin	lyyerin
lyerinë	the paint
lyerit	anointment
lyesh	Anoint
lyhem	lyhem
lyhen	be painted
lyhenë	paint
lyhesh	anoint yourself
lyheshin	they were painted
lyjinë	the lye
Lykaonisë	Lycaonia
Lykaonisht	Lycaonian
Lykisë	Lycia
lym	glue
lymë	mud
lyp	beg
lypa	lypa
lypë	beggar
lypën	asked for
lypënj	beggar
lypënjë	beggar
lypës	beggar
lypësi	beggary
lypësit	beggary
lypet	It beggars belief
lypi	begged
lypim	beg
lypimë	begging
lypin	beg
lypinë	beggar
lypish	lypish
lypja	plea
lypnë	beggar
lypni	lypni
lypsarë	beggars
lypsei	lypsei
lypsenë	beggar
lypsëshime	begging
lypsetë	beggar
lypshi	lypshi
lypshim	begging
lypshin	beggar
lypshinë	begging
lypstë	beggar
lypt	lypt
lypte	begging
lyptë	beggar
lypun	lypun
lypunat	Lypunate
lypunatë	beggars
lypunë	beggar
lypur	begging
lypurat	lypurate
lypurë	beggar
lyra	lyra
Lysania	Lysania
Lysia	Lysias
Lystre	Shine
Lystrë	Lystra
m	m
ma	and
Maaçathiut	Maachathi
Maadai	Claims
Maadiahu	Earthworm
Maahanë	Wisdom
Maai	Sharp
Maakah	Maakah
Maakahën	Maakahen
Maakahës	Maacah
Maakahun	Maakahun
Maakahut	Maakahut
Maakatheu	Maccatheus
maakathitët	Maacath
maakathitëve	Maachathi
Maakathitit	Land of the Cathites
Maallalejli	Country party
Maallalejlit	Country parties
Maallath	Maallath
Maarathi	Marathi
Maaseiah	Maaseiah
Maaseiahu	Maaseiahu
Maaseiahun	Maaseiahun
Maaseiahut	Maaseiahut
Maaseja	Maasai
Maasi	Rebellion
Maathit	Maathit
Maatsi	Match
Maaziahu	Maaziahu
macet	congested
Maçirit	Machirit
maçokë	tomcat
Madai	Claims
Madainin	Madanin
Madërgonat	The mandrakes
madh	GREAT
Madhaiu	Allegations
madhe	GREATER
madhë	greater
madhea	madhea
madhëci	greatness
madhëcia	greatness
madhëcisë	greatness
madhëcoi	magnified
Madhëcon	Magnifies
madhëçon	magnify
madhëconemi	we are proud
madheishte	great
madheja	madheja
madheje	madheje
madhen	bigger one
madhenë	the great
madhëni	greatness
madhënia	greatness
madhënin	the great
madhëninë	greatness
madhënis	greatness
madhënisë	greatness
madhënit	the great ones
madhënoftë	may God bless you
madhënohei	magnified
madhënoi	magnified
madhënon	magnify
Madhënoni	Magnify
madhënonte	glorified
madhënove	you are great
madhënuem	magnified
madhënueshim	arrogance
madhënueshime	we are proud
madhëri	greatness
madhëria	Glory
madhërin	the great
madhërinë	highness
madhëris	majesty
madhërisë	excellency
madhërishëm	magnificently
madhërishme	majestic
madhërishmi	Our Awesome
madhërishmit	Merciful
madhërisht	magnificently
madhërit	the great ones
madhëroftë	magnified
madhërohet	magnified
madhëroi	Glory
madhëroimë	glorify us
madhëroj	glorifying
madhërojë	magnify
madhërojeni	glorify
madhëron	magnifies
madhëronem	I am glorified.
madhëronenë	Majeronena
madhëronj	great ones
madhërova	I glorified
madhërove	powerful in
madhërua	glorified
madhëruar	Exalted
madhes	firstborn
madhesë	size
madhështi	pageantry
madhështia	Splendor
madhështiash	grandeur
madhështiat	the greatnesses
madhështie	greatness
madhështin	the greatness
madhështinë	greatness
madhështisë	greatness
madhështish	grandeur
madhështit	greatness
madhështive	feasts
madhështohenë	they are magnified
madhështohet	circumstances glory
madhështohetë	magnified
madhështohi	greatness
madhështoj	dignify
madhështon	majesty
madhështonenë	majestic
madhështonetë	the great ones
madhështor	Olympian
madhështore	magnificent
madhështorë	magnificent
madhështorët	Olympian
madhështorëtë	the greats
madhështorëvet	the greats
madhështori	Great
madhështorit	The Majestic
madhështuanë	they magnified
madhështuar	exalted himself
madhështuem	magnificent
madhështuenë	magnificent
madhështuer	magnificent
madhësi	size
madhësia	MAGNITUDE
madhësinë	SIZING
madhësisë	size
madhet	dates
madhi	BIGGEST
madhia	slander
Madhiam	Madhiam
Madhiamësë	Greatness
Madhiamit	Madhyamik
Madhianitet	Madhianites
madhin	Overpowering
madhinë	size
madhit	Great
madhja	largest
madhn	madhn
madhnë	big
madhoftë	may it be great
madhoi	dolls
madhojë	big
madhojënë	the great
madhonej	madhoni
madhonemi	domains
madhonenë	drones
madhonetë	madonna
Madhoni	Drones
madhonj	madhonj
madhonjë	big one
madhor	major
madhore	ADULTS
madhove	madhove
madht	madht
madhua	madhu
madhuanë	big
madhue	honey
madhuenë	grown-up
Madiamit	Madiamit
Madianit	Midian
madianite	madianite
Madianitëvet	The Midianites
madianitit	Midianite
madje	EVEN
Madmanahu	Madmanah
Madmanahut	madmanahut
Madmen	Madmen
Madmenaha	Madmenaha
Madmenahu	Madmenahu
Madonit	Madon
Magadan	Heir
Magadanit	Sticky
magazina	magazine
magazinat	Depots
magazinave	warehouse
magazit	magazit
Magbishit	Be careful.
Magdala	bring
Magdalas	Hurry up.
Magdalena	Magdalena
Magdalenë	Magdalene
Magdalenës	Magdalene
Magdalenësë	Magdalene
Magdhalasë	Magdalene
Magdhalini	Magdalene
Magdiel	Magdiel
Magdielli	Magdielli
magë	stomach
magje	a bowl
magjen	witch
magjenë	witch
magjeps	fascinate
magjepsur	ingratiating
magjepsurë	enchanted
magjestarët	magicians
magjëstarët	the magicians
magjestarëtë	the magicians
magjëstarëtë	the magicians
magjet	troughs
magji	magic
magjia	witchcraft
magjie	magic
magjij	magic
magjike	magical
magjinë	magic
magjira	maggi
magjisë	witchcraft
magjishtjar	magician
magjishtjarë	magicians
magjishtjarëtë	witches
magjishtjari	sorcerer
magjistar	wizard
magjistare	witch
magjistarë	magicians
magjistares	sorceress
magjistaresë	witch
magjistarët	magicians
magjistarëtë	the magicians
magjistarëve	magicians
magjistarëvet	the magicians
magjistari	wizard
magjistrarë	magistrates
magjistratë	magistrates
magjistratët	magistrates
magjit	witch
magjitë	spells
magjive	spells
magjivet	witchcraft
magjja	magic
Magognë	Magog
Magogu	Magog
Magogun	Magog
Magogunë	Magog
Magogut	Magogut
Magor	Crazy
Magpiashi	Make a toast
magrurë	magrura
magu	bring up
Mahalaleeli	It's easy
Mahalaleelit	Mahalaleelit
Mahalath	Mahalath
Mahalathën	Mahalath
Mahalathin	Mahalathin
mahalatit	mahalat
Mahallath	Mahallath
Mahallathënë	Neighborhood
Mahalli	Local
Mahanaim	Mahanaim
Mahanaimi	Mahanaim
Mahanaimin	Friendly
Mahanajm	Mahanajm
Mahanbim	Mahanbim
Maharai	Maharai
Mahathi	Mahathi
Mahathit	Mahathit
Mahatit	greatness
Mahavimi	Mahavimi
Mahaziothi	Mahaziothi
Maher	Maher
mahetë	mahout
mahisje	mahisje
Mahlah	Mahla
Mahlahun	Mahlahun
Mahli	Mahli
Mahlit	Mahlit
mahlitëve	Mah'lites
Mahlon	Mahlon
Mahloni	Shame
Mahlonit	Mahlon
mahniste	amazed
mahnitej	fascinated
mahnitën	amazed
Mahnitëse	Amazing
mahniteshin	astounded
mahnitshme	amazing
mahnitur	captivated
Maholit	Maholit
Mahpellahë	Machpelah
Mahpellahënë	Mahpellahne
Mahpellahësë	Mahpellahes
Mahpellahut	Machpelahut
Mahsehiahut	Mahsehiahut
Mahsejahut	Maasias
Maikirit	Maikirit
maim	maim
maime	maime
maimi	search
Maimin	Maimin
maimit	maim
Mainanit	Toys
maj	maj
maja	house
majaja	leaven
majanë	leaven
majasë	yeast
majat	PEAKS
majave	Maya
maje	Mayans
majë	top
majëmet	fats
majën	pinnacle
majës	flour
majësë	flour
majët	peaks
majm	majm
majme	fatten
majmë	creamy
majmen	majmen
majmën	fat,
majmëri	fattening
majmërisë	fattening
majmët	fatten
majmetë	fat
majmeve	fats
majmi	majmi
majmit	fat people
majmitë	monkeys
majmunë	monkeys
majmur	fattened
majmura	fattening
majnë	am Main
majta	left
majtas	left
majtë	the left
majtën	left
majtunë	left-handed
majturit	left-handed
Makaahut	Makahut
Makabeut	It's annoying.
makar	at least
makarë	pulley
makarismoi	makarismoi
Makats	Strange
Makbanai	The graves
Makbenës	Machbena
Makedah	Makedah
Makedahu	Makedahu
Makedahun	Macedon
Makedahut	Maceda
Makedonas	Macedonia
Makedonasinë	Macedonia
Makedoni	Macedonia
Makedonia	Macedonia
Makedonianë	Macedonians
Makedonianët	Macedonians
Makedonisë	Macedonia
Makeloth	Makeloth
Makelothi	Makelothi
Makielit	Make a noise
makina	machine
Makir	Machir
Makiri	Macri
Makirin	The machine
Makirit	Makirit
makiritëve	Machirites
Makit	FOUND
Maknadbai	Maknadbai
Makpelahut	The Forest
maksimumin	most
Makteshit	Power hit
mal	just
Malakias	Malachi
male	male
malë	mountain
Maleleelit	Maleleelit
Maleleilit	Maleleilit
malesh	mountains
malësin	the mountaineer
malësisë	highlands
malësit	mountaineers
malet	painted
maletë	mountains
maleve	MOUNTAINS
malevet	mountains
Malh	Malh
Malho	Mallet
mali	had
malin	malin
malinë	Malino
malit	MONTENEGRO
Malk	Milk
Malkami	Small
Malkamit	Malcolm
Malkeli	Mark
Malkiahu	Queen
Malkiahut	Malkiahut
malkialitëve	Malchielites
Malkieli	To be unkind
Malkija	Malkijah
Malkijahu	Malchijah
Malkijahut	Immer
Malkirami	Malkirami
Malkishua	Malkishua
Malkishuahu	Malchishuahu
Malkishuahun	Malkishuahun
Malkishuan	Malchishua
Malklahut	Malklahut
Malkpelah	Malkpelah
Malkpelahut	Malkpelahut
mall	mall
mallë	screed
Mallëkeës	Cursed
mallëkeësh	wretched
mallëkim	my dear
mallëkime	curses
mallëkimet	curses
mallëkimetë	curse words
mallëkimevet	curses
mallëkimi	curse
mallëkimin	the curse
mallëkiminë	the curse
mallëkimit	cursing
mallëkimn	my name is
mallëkimnë	curse
mallëkoi	cursed
mallëkoimë	we cursed
mallëkojëmë	curse me
mallëkojënë	the scoundrel
mallëkojnë	they curse
mallëkon	curses
mallëkonej	curse
mallëkoni	curse
mallëkonj	curses
mallëkonjç	horse-drawn carriage
mallëkonjë	horse
mallëkonjënë	the devil
mallëkonte	cursed
mallëkove	cursed
mallëkuar	swearing
mallëkuarë	cursed
mallëkuarët	the cursed ones
mallëkuarëtë	the bad guys
mallëkuaritë	the curses
mallëkuem	cursed
mallëkuemit	cursed
mallëkuemitë	my dears
mallëkumitë	curses
mallëngjehen	yearn
mallëngjehet	tearful
mallëngjim	movingly
mallëngjye	tender
mallëngjyer	tender
mallëngjyeva	I was heartbroken.
mallënjen	the longing
mallënjeva	I missed you.
mallënjyshë	sly
malli	quid
mallin	model
mallinë	the goods
mallkim	CURSE
mallkime	curses
mallkimet	blight
mallkimeve	curses
mallkimi	Curse
mallkimin	scourge
mallkimit	curse
mallko	curse
mallkofshin	damn it
mallkohesh	curse
mallkohet	Condemned
mallkoi	cursed
mallkoj	curse
mallkoje	curse it
mallkojë	curse
mallkojmë	curse
mallkojnë	curse
mallkon	curse
mallkoni	cursing
mallkonjënë	damn it
mallkonte	curse
mallkosh	Damning
mallkova	cursed
mallkove	cursed
mallkuan	cursed
mallkuar	DAMNED
mallkuara	cursed
mallkuarit	damned
mallngjime	bad luck
mallnjen	longing
Mallqieli	Mallqieli
mallra	wares
mallrash	cargo
mallrat	wares
mallrave	ITEMS
mallt	malt
Malltë	Damn
Malluku	Malluku
Mallukut	Mallukut
malor	MOUNTAIN
malore	HIGHLANDS
Malothi	Malothi
malt	malt
Maltë	Malta
Maltës	Malta
Maluku	Maluku
mameleçi	Mamluk
mami	mami
mamia	hundreds
mamica	mommy
mamicat	mommy
mamicatë	midwives
mamicavet	mommy
mamitë	Midwives
mamive	midwifery
mammona	mammon
mammonait	mammon
mamonanë	mammon
Mamoni	Mamoni
mamonit	mammon
Mamre	Mamre
Mamres	Mamres
Mamresë	Mamre
Mamreu	Mamreu
Mamreut	Mamreut
Mamvrisë	Mother's death
man	man
mana	where
Manaeni	Manaeni
Manahath	Manahath
Manahathi	Manahathi
Manaishte	Manaishte
Manaiu	Hope
manarin	to correct
manarit	manarit
Manasehut	Manasehut
Manasën	Manassas
Manasët	Manasseh
Manaseu	Manasseh
Manaseut	Manaseut
Manasi	Meaning
Manasin	Manasin
Manasinë	Manasin
Manasit	Manasit
manasitët	Manasseh
Manasitëvet	The monasteries
Manasiu	I think
Manasiut	Manasiut
Manasseh	Manasseh
Manassehu	Manassehu
Manassehunë	Manasseh
Manassehut	Manassehut
Manassesë	Manasseh
Manasseu	Manasseu
Manasseut	Manasseh
Manassi	Manasseh
Manassit	Manasseh
Manassiu	Manasseh
Manassiut	Manassiut
manavet	manavet
mandat	mandate
mandati	mandates
mandej	THEN
mandorle	almonds
mandragora	mandrake
mandragorat	mandragorat
mane	me
manë	manna
manën	manna
manënë	tomorrow
manësë	manna
manet	manet
manezë	playpen
mangall	mangall
mangallet	mangallet
mangallin	barbecue
mangët	DEFICIENT
mangëta	incomplete
mangjëtë	the poor
mangjëtënë	the lack of
mangjëtës	hungry
mangjëtësë	shortage
mangunat	useful
mangunatë	swamp
mangunë	swamp
mangunit	but
mangunitë	the mangunies
mangut	dazed
mangutë	mongoose
mani	me
maniçim	My manic
maniçime	manicime
maniçimet	manicmet
maniçimetë	the manicurists
maniçimitë	Manichaeism
manifestohej	manifested
manifestuar	MANIFEST
manit	mulberry
manitet	manitou
manitnë	manitna
maniturë	craftsmanship
manjëtash	of money
Manna	Human
manne	men
mannë	manna
Manoah	Manoah
Manoahu	Manoahu
Manoahut	Manoahut
mantel	mantel
mantele	mantles
mantelet	coats
mantelin	almond
mantelit	almonds
manushaqeje	human beings
Maobi	Maobi
Maokut	Maokut
Maon	Mao
Maoni	Comments
Maonin	Maonin
Maonit	Maon
maonitët	Maon
Maqedhonëtë	Macedonians
Maqedhonëvet	Macedonians
Maqedhoni	Macedonia
Maqedhonia	Maqedhoniya
Maqedhonisë	Macedonia
Maqedhonitë	Macedonians
Maqedhoniti	Maqedhonite
maqedonas	Macedonian
maqedonasit	MACEDONIANS
maqedonasve	MACEDONIAN
Maqedoni	Macedonia
Maqedonia	Macedonia
Maqedoniadhe	Macedonia
Maqedoninë	Macedonia
Maqedonisë	MACEDONIA
Maqedonit	Macedon
maqeli	scumbags
Maqirit	Magirit
mar	mar
Mara	Immediately
marajnë	they are angry
Maralahut	Maralahut
Maran	Maran
Marana	Marana
marangozë	carpenters
marangozët	carpenters
marangozëve	the carpenters
marangozit	marangozit
maraqes	interesting
Marari	Sick
Mararit	Mararit
marazara	share
març	March
marça	Marcha
Marçinë	Marchine
mardhë	brown
Mardoke	Marduk
Mardokeu	Mardokeu
Mardokeun	Mardocheun
Mardokeut	Marduk
marë	MADE
marëm	we got
marënë	taken
Marës	Marah
Mareshah	Mareshah
Mareshahu	Mareshah
Mareshahun	Mareshahun
Mareshahut	Mareshahut
margaritar	pearl
margaritare	to margarita
margaritarë	pearls
margaritarësh	pearls
margaritarët	pearls
margaritarëtë	daisies
margaritarëve	gems
margaritari	pearl
Mari	Increase
Maria	Maria
Mariaja	Mariaja
Mariam	Mariam
Mariama	Mariama
Mariamë	Mariam
Mariamësë	Mariam
Mariami	Mariam
Mariamnë	Mariamne
Marianë	Marianne
Mariasë	Maria
Marie	Marie
Marië	Mary
Marien	Marien
Mariënë	Marienë
Mariësë	Mary
marifete	tricks
marinarë	sailors
Marinarët	sailor
marinë	tamarind
marinës	navy
Marisë	MARY
maritoijnë	they marry
Markaboth	Markaboth
Markabothin	Markabothin
Marko	Marko
Markonë	Marcona
Marku	Mark
Markua	Mark
Markun	Mark's
Markunë	Markuna
Markut	Mark
marmarësh	marble
marmarit	marmarit
Marme	Marme
marmë	marble
maroftë	may it be
Marothit	Marothit
marr	marr
marra	marra
marrat	marrat
marratë	crazy
marravet	marravet
marrç	March
marrçi	marrchi
marre	GET
marrë	TAKE
marrëcoi	went crazy
marrëdhënie	RELATIONS
marrëdhëniet	RELATIONS
marrëja	TAKING
marrëjenë	received
marrëjesë	reception
marrëme	deal
marrëmë	we got
marrën	Marree
marrënë	taken
marrës	receiver
marrësh	GETTING
marrësi	recipient
marrësia	receiver
marrësinë	foolishness
marrësis	fool
marrësit	RECEIVER
marrët	foolish
marrëtë	the obtained
marrëve	foolish
marrëveshje	deal
marrëveshjen	AGREEMENT
marrëvet	agreements
marrëzi	foolishness
marrëzia	Folly
marrëzie	foolishness
marrëzin	the fool
marrëzinë	folly
marrëzira	baloney
marrëzis	folly
marrëzisë	folly
marrëzit	fools
marrëzonj	fools
marrëzuanë	crazy
marri	marri
marria	marria
marrim	take
marrimë	take
marrin	take
marrinë	pick up people
marrisë	insanity
marrit	marrit
marrjes	RECEPTION
marrka	marrka
marrkam	marrkam
marrofshin	let's get it
marrofshinë	madness
marrohenë	they are married
marrohi	marrohi
marroi	brown
marrosën	they went crazy
marrosur	distracted
marrove	marrove
marrrosur	crazy
marrsh	marrsh
marrsha	march
marrshim	marrshim
marrshin	marrshin
marrtë	seize
marruan	they took
marruanë	they took
marruem	marruem
marruen	marruen
marruenë	taken
Marsena	Marsena
marsh	marsh
marshim	march
marshimin	march
marshimit	marching
marsho	gear
marshoi	marched
marshojë	march
marshojmë	march
marshojnë	march
marshon	marches
marshoni	marshmallow
marshonin	marching
marshova	marshova
marshove	march
marshuan	marched
marshuar	marching
Marta	Martha
martë	Marta
Martën	Tuesday
Martës	Martha
martesa	marriage
martesash	marriages
martesat	MARRIAGES
martesë	marriage
martesën	MARRIAGE
martesës	marriage
martesor	bridal
martesore	Piercings
Martha	Martha
Marthë	Martha
Marthën	Martha
Marthënë	Tuesday
Marthësë	Martha
martin	martin
martir	martyr
martirë	martyrs
martirëtë	martyrs
martirëve	martyr
martirëvet	the martyrs
martiri	martyrs
martirí	martyrdom
martiria	martyr
martiriç	martyr
martiriet	martiriet
martirin	martirin
martirinë	martyrdom
martiris	martyr
martirisë	martyrdom
martirisetë	martyrdom
martirisi	martyr
martirisjë	martyrdom
martirisjëmë	martyrdom
martirisjënë	martyrdom
martirisnë	martyrdom
martirisni	martyr
martirisurë	martyred
martirit	martyrs
Martit	Tuesday
marto	March
martofsh	martofsh
martoftë	let me get married
martohen	marry
martohenë	they get married
martohesh	marry
martohesha	marry
martoheshe	marry
martoheshin	married
martohet	marry
martohetë	get married
martohu	marry
martoi	married
martoijnë	they get married
martojënë	wedding
martojini	marry them
martojn	Marches
martojnë	marry
martojshinë	marriage
marton	marton
martonenë	married
martoneshinë	marriage
martonetë	wedding
martonin	marton
martonishnë	wedding
martova	married
martua	married
martuan	married
martuar	married
martuara	MARRIED
martuarë	married
martuaret	married women
martuari	married
martuarve	married
martue	married
martuem	married
martueme	we are getting married
martuemeja	married woman
martuemi	let's get married
martuemitë	marriages
martyr	martyr
martyrë	martyr
martyrëvet	martyrs
martyri	martyrs
martyria	martyrdom
martyris	martyr
martyrisë	martyrdom
martyrit	martyrit
martyrivet	martyrivet
maruenë	marijuana
mas	but
masa	time
Masah	Masha
masakër	slaughter
masakra	massacre
masakrën	massacre
masakrës	massacre
masakrojë	slay
masakron	massacre
masakruan	massacred
masakruar	massacred
Masas	Masses
masash	MEASURES
masat	EXAMINATION
masave	MEASURES
mase	masses
masë	measure
masëja	the measure
masën	EXTENT
masënë	the measure
masës	CHAIN_FUNCTION
masësë	measure
Mashalin	Mashalin
mashat	masshat
mashë	tongs
mashështisë	deceit
Mashhil	Mashil
Mashhill	Mashhill
Mashhilll	Mashhilll
Mashi	Spear
mashkuj	male
mashkujsh	male
mashkujtë	males
mashkull	male
mashkullë	males
mashkulli	MAN
mashkullin	male
mashkullinë	masculinity
mashtrëk	swindler
mashtrim	Lies
mashtrime	fraud
mashtrimesh	fraud
mashtrimet	frauds
mashtrimeve	fraud
mashtrimi	deceit
mashtrimin	the deception
mashtrimit	fraud
mashtro	defraud
mashtroftë	astray
mashtrohen	fooled
mashtroheni	deceived
mashtrohet	Lied
mashtroi	beguiled
mashtroj	shortchange
mashtrojë	deceive
mashtrojmë	cheat
mashtrojnë	deceive
mashtron	deceives
mashtroni	deceive
mashtronin	deceive
mashtronte	deceive
mashtrosh	deceiving
mashtrove	deceived
mashtrua	deceived
mashtruan	deceived
mashtruar	cheated
mashtruarit	Fooling
mashtruat	mislead
mashtrues	bouncer
mashtruese	DECEPTIVE
mashtruesi	deceiver
mashtruesit	impostors
Mashulamit	Mashulamit
masi	masi
masin	machine
maskon	mask
maskuar	MASK
masni	fatty
Masre	Masre
Masrekaha	Masrekaha
Masrekahu	Masrekahu
Massa	Mass
Massah	Massah
maste	mast
masuri	measure
mat	along with
mata	eye
Matanah	Matanah
Matanahu	Breath
matanë	beyond
Matani	Tons
Mataniahu	Mataniahu
Mataniahun	Mataniahun
Mataniahut	Mataniahuit
Matanin	The text
Matatahu	Knowledge
Matatës	Matata
Matathas	Matathas
Matathias	Matathias
Matatisë	Mattathias
Matatit	Matatit
Mate	Death
matëje	Matej
matëjes	measurement
matëjesë	measurement
maten	the food
matën	Mata
Matenai	Reservation
matenë	morning
mateni	kill
material	material
materiale	material
materiali	materials
matës	gauge
matësa	meters
matëse	MEASURING
matësë	meter
matësh	measure
mateshin	mateshin
matësi	meter
matësin	soundings
matet	MEASURED
matetë	math
Mateu	Matthew
Mateun	Kill
Mateut	Matthew
math	math
mathi	math
mathitej	mathitej
mathitejt	mathitejt
mathitejtë	maths
mathitetë	math
mathiti	math
mathitij	mathitij
mathitin	mathitin
mathitit	mathitit
mathititë	Mathithi
mathitiu	threesome
mathitiut	mathitiut
mathitivet	mathitivet
mathitrië	mathitrië
matht	matht
Mathusaelit	Mathusaelit
Mathusalës	Methuselah
Mathusalësë	Methuselah
Mathusalla	Mathusalla
Mathusallës	Methuselah
mati	dead
Matia	Matthias
Matian	Death
Matias	Matias
matie	matia
matiesë	maties
Matihiahu	Matihiahu
Matithiahu	Matithiahu
matja	MEASUREMENT
matje	MEASUREMENTS
matjen	MEASURE
matjes	measurement
matnë	measure
matni	text
Matredit	Matredit
Matrit	Mother
Mattathait	Mattathait
Mattathiut	Mattathiut
matte	matte
Matthanë	Matthane
Matthani	matthan
Matthanit	Matthanit
Matthatit	Matthatit
Matthe	Matthew
Matthenë	Mathena
Mattheo	Matthew
Mattheonë	Matthew
Mattheu	Matthew
Mattheua	Mattheua
Matthianë	Matthias
Matthianit	Matthias
Matthinë	Matthias
Matthisë	Matthias
matufë	Jews
matun	learn
matunë	morning
matur	Thank you
matura	mature
maturë	maturity
maturi	mature
maturia	caution
maturinë	maturity
maturisë	sobriety
Matusalait	Matusalait
mb	mb
mba	please
mbaç	country
Mbahei	Mbahei
mbahej	held
mbahem	comport
mbahemi	hold
mbahen	HELD
mbahenë	are kept
mbaheni	hold on
mbahesh	endure
mbaheshim	were held captive
mbaheshin	held
mbaheshinë	were kept
mbahet	HELD
mbahetë	held
mbahi	match
mbahishtë	support
mbahu	Keep
mbai	mbai
mbaiçim	mbaiçim
mbaijn	mbaijn
mbaijnë	they keep
mbaishinë	they were holding
Mbaita	Call
mbaitë	keep it up
mbaitëme	keep it up
mbaitët	you kept
mbaiti	you are welcome
mbaitnë	keep it up
mbaitshi	thieves
mbaitshim	they are lying
mbaitun	house
mbaituna	baitunna
mbaitunë	we stayed
mbaj	STAY
mbaja	I kept
mbajç	keep
mbaje	KEEP
mbajë	CARRY
mbajëm	we kept
mbajëmë	hold on
mbajënë	hold
mbajeni	KEEP
mbaji	AHEAD
mbajinë	keep it
mbajini	KEEP
mbajmë	MAINTAIN
mbajnë	hold
mbajshinë	you were holding
mbajt	HELD
mbajta	I kept
mbajte	kept
mbajtë	Keeping
mbajtëm	We held
mbajtën	held
mbajtëse	holder
mbajtësen	holder
mbajtëset	carriers
mbajtësin	holder
mbajtësit	HOLDER
mbajtësve	ENTITLED
mbajtët	Keeping
mbajti	HELD
mbajtinë	the holding
mbajtish	you were holding
mbajtishim	we were holding
mbajtjen	, conducting
mbajtnë	we kept
mbajtsha	boss
mbajtshin	uphold
mbajtur	HELD
mbajtura	HELD
mbajturë	hELD
mbajturet	held
mbajturi	keeping
mbajturit	keeping
mbajturitë	the holdings
mbaju	shirt
mballa	wall
mballafaqe	wallfaqe
mballoma	balloma
mballomë	patchwork
mballosnë	fill up
mbamë	keep me
mban	holds
mbanë	IT
mbanët	you were holding
mbani	PLEASE
mbania	banana
mbanin	bearing
mbaninë	keep it
mbaniu	mbaniu
mbanj	mbanj
mbanjç	mbanjç
mbanjë	Mbanje
mbanjënë	keep
mbante	HIS
mbara	space
mbarasoni	jasmine
mbarazoni	embarrassment
mbarë	AROUND
mbarej	mbarej
mbarësi	prosperity
mbarësia	termination
mbarësin	prosperity
mbarësinë	prosperity
mbarësit	prosperity
mbaret	mbaret
mbaretë	finished
mbari	race
mbarim	end
mbarimi	TERMINATION
mbarimin	completion
mbarimit	FINISHED
mbarin	mbari
mbaro	Finish
mbaroftë	let it be over
mbarohej	was ending
mbarohem	I'm done.
mbarohen	accomplished
mbarohenë	they are finished
mbaroheshin	running short
mbarohet	runs out
mbarohetë	it's over
mbaroi	Finished
mbaroj	surcease
mbarojë	ends
mbarojënë	the end
mbarojmë	drown
mbarojnë	FINISH
mbarojsh	finish
mbaron	ends
mbaronenë	finished
mbaronet	it ends
mbaronetë	it's over
mbaroni	under arrest
mbaronin	they were finishing
mbaronj	finish
mbaronjç	finish
mbaronjë	finish
mbaronjënë	finished one
mbaronte	ended
mbarosh	finish
mbarova	Done
mbars	mbars
mbarsa	his/her
mbarsem	nothing
mbarsëm	we impregnated
mbarsëme	pregnant
mbarsenë	finally
mbarseshin	they were getting married
mbarseshinë	abundance
mbarset	conceive
mbarsetë	back
mbarsi	mbarsi
mbarsje	embarrass
mbarsnë	pregnant
mbarsunë	they were pregnant
mbarsunitë	the pregnant women
mbarsur	impregnated
mbarsura	pregnant
mbarsurë	pregnant
mbart	bear
mbarte	bear
mbartë	bear
mbartej	withal
mbartëm	bore
mbarten	carried
mbartën	brought
mbartësh	carried
mbartësit	bearers
mbartësve	carriers
mbartet	carried
mbartët	Carryover
mbarti	bore
mbartim	bear
mbartin	carry
mbartni	carry
mbartnin	bear
mbartte	carry
mbartur	Transferred
mbarturë	married
mbarua	finished
mbaruam	Finish
mbaruan	finished
mbaruanë	finished
mbaruar	finished
mbaruarë	Completed
mbaruarët	graduates
mbaruarit	the finished
mbaruatë	finished
mbarue	finished
mbaruem	we are finished
mbarueme	finished
mbaruemeja	finished
mbaruemen	finished
mbaruemes	final
mbaruemesë	final
mbaruemet	endings
mbaruemit	finished
mbaruemitë	we are finished
mbaruen	finished
mbaruenë	finished
mbarume	new
mbarumeja	newtable
mbas	mbas
mbasandai	mbasandai
mbasandaim	mbasandaim
mbasandaishime	they are satisfied
mbasandaj	afterwards
mbase	PERHAPS
mbash	KEEP
mbasi	AFTER
mbaskëndai	behind the scenes
mbaskëndaishime	backsongs
mbassi	afterwards
mbastiminë	the cleaning
mbastojënë	in the back
mbastojnë	they are waiting
mbaston	it ends
mbastuem	we are tired
mbat	entrance
mbath	wear
mbathë	flee
mbathejnë	run away
mbathën	flight
mbathi	fled
mbathim	flee
mbathin	shod
mbathja	flee
mbathjani	Run away
mbathni	flee
mbathnin	fleeing
mbathunë	shoes
mbathunit	the shoes
mbathur	shod
mbathura	underwear
mbathurë	underwear
mbë	MBE
mbeç	mbec
mbeçë	left
mbëçelënë	the scoundrel
mbëçelish	scoundrel
mbëçelsh	scold
mbëçelshin	to be followed
mbëçelunë	they were caught
mbëçilni	follow
mbeçinë	the rest
mbedhur	gathered
mbëjedh	far away
mbëjedhç	background
mbëjedhë	gather
mbëjedhëja	the gathering
mbëjedhëjë	gather
mbëjedhëjënë	gathering
mbëjedhëjësë	gathering
mbëjedhëmë	we gathered
mbëjedhënë	full moon
mbëjedhtë	gathered
mbëjedhura	gathered
mbëjedhuratë	beautiful
mbëjedhurë	gathered
mbëjedhuritë	the remains
mbëjidh	gather
mbëjidhë	gathering
mbëjidhejnë	gather together
mbëjidhenë	together
mbëjidheni	gather together
mbëjidheshnë	they are together
mbëjidhi	gathered
mbëjidhishnë	together
mbëjidhnë	gather
Mbëjidhni	Gather
mbëjidhnie	gathering
mbëjodh	gather
mbëjodhë	end
mbëjodhi	finished
mbëjodhnë	finally
mbëju	stay
mbëjuadhë	half-hearted
mbëjuadhtë	last
mbëledh	gather
mbëledhë	dessert
mbëledhëja	the meeting
mbëledhëje	gathering
mbëledhëjen	the meeting
mbëledhëjes	gathering
mbëledhëjesë	gathering
mbëledhëjet	meetings
mbëledhëjevet	meetings
mbëledhënë	sweet
mbëledhi	gathered
mbëledhin	gather
mbëledhinë	the meadow
mbëledhun	sweet
mbëledhuna	we met
mbëledhunë	sweet
mbëledhunit	the gatherings
mbëledhunitë	the gluttons
mbëledhurat	the confections
mbëledhurë	frozen
mbëledhurit	the gathered
mbëledhuritë	sweets
mbëleth	sweet
mbëlethç	honeysuckle
mbëlethnjë	honeysuckle
mbëlethsh	honeysuckle
mbëlethtë	sweet
mbëlidhei	gather
mbëlidhen	shall be collected
mbëlidhenë	they gathered
mbëlidheshin	gathered
mbëlidheshinë	they gathered
mbëlidhetë	the land
mbëlidhi	gathered
mbëlidhin	gather
mbëlidhinë	the gathering
mbëlith	grow
Mbëlithmëni	The crowd
mbëlithni	grow up
mbëlo	plant
mbëlodha	I was tired.
mbëlodhi	tired
mbëloftë	wrapped
mbëloi	planted
mbëloth	slush
mbëlothnë	in the morning
mbëlothtë	thick
mbëltesa	the plant
mbëltoi	planted
mbëlton	it grows
mbëltonjën	the betel nut
mbëltuan	they planted
mbëluarë	planted
mbëlue	planted
mbëluem	we planted
mbenë	remain
mbënjanë	aside
mbërdhepsurë	stuck
mbëret	it is raining
mbëretën	the king
mbëretëna	queen
mbëretënave	queens
mbëretënavet	queens
mbëretënë	the queen
mbëretënesha	queen
mbëretëni	reign
mbëretënia	kingdom
mbëretëniat	kingdoms
mbëretënie	kingdom
mbëretënin	the king
mbëretëninë	the kingdom
mbëretënis	king
mbëretënisë	kingdom
mbëretënish	royal
mbëretënit	the kings
mbëretënitë	kingdoms
mbëretëno	reign
mbëretënoi	reigned
mbëretënojë	reign
mbëretënon	reigns
mbëretënuem	reigned
mbëretënuetë	queen
mbëretër	king
mbëretëre	queen
mbëretërë	king
mbëretëresha	queen
mbëretëret	reigns
mbëretëri	kingdom
mbëretëria	kingdom
mbëretërie	kingdom
mbëretërin	the king
mbëretëris	reign
mbëretërisë	kingdom
mbëretërish	royally
mbëretërishte	royal
mbëretërit	kings
mbëretëritë	kingdoms
mbëretërivet	kingdoms
mbëretëro	reign
mbëretëroi	reigned
mbëretëron	reigns
mbëretëronjç	king
mbëretëronjë	queen
mbëretëronjënë	queen
mbëretëronte	reigned
mbëretëruanë	reigned
mbëretëruarë	reigning
mbëretërvet	kings
mbëreti	king
mbëretin	the king
mbëretinë	the kingdom
mbëretit	the king
mbëretn	king
mbëretnë	king
mbëretrë	king
mbëretrëve	kings
mbëretrëvet	kings
mbëretrish	three times
mbëretrit	kings
mbëretritë	kingdoms
mberonjë	protected
mbërri	reached
mbërriftë	arrive
mbërrijë	arrive
mbërrijënë	arrive at
mbërrijnë	ARRIVE
mbërrim	we arrive
mbërrimë	mbërrim
mbërrin	arrives
mbërrina	reaches
mbërrine	arrive
mbërrinë	reaches
mbërrini	arrive
mbërrita	I arrived
mbërritëm	arrived
mbërritën	arrived
mbërriti	arrived
Mbërrittë	Arrived.
mbërritur	arriving
mbërthecëka	clamp
mbërthecëkat	the fasteners
mbërthecëkatë	floor mat
mbërthee	stuck
mbërtheijn	they cling
mbërtheijnë	they stick
mbërthej	hook up
mbërthejë	grip
mbërthejnë	rivet
mbërthen	clings
mbërthenej	get stuck
mbërthenetë	stuck
mbërtheni	fasten
mbërthenie	grip
mbërthesëka	fastener
mbërthesëkatë	floor clamp
mbërtheu	seized
mbërthie	grip
mbërthienë	grip
mbërthierë	stuck
mbërthierinë	the grip
mbërthietë	grips
mbërthyen	seized
mbërthyer	stuck
mbërthyetë	stuck
mbërthymë	stuck
mbes	grandchild
mbesa	grandchild
mbesë	niece
mbesën	niece
mbesënë	granddaughter
mbesësë	granddaughter
mbëshefëtë	envelopes
mbësheli	wrap
mbëshelunë	wrapped
Mbëshil	I recommend
mbëshjellë	wrapped
mbështes	support
mbështesë	support
mbështeste	support
mbështet	support
mbështete	Support the
mbështetë	support
mbështetej	rested
mbështetem	recline
mbështetemi	STANDING
mbështeten	SUPPORTING
mbështetën	pinned
mbështeteni	count
mbështetëse	SUPPORT
mbështetësen	supporter
mbështetesh	rely
mbështeteshin	recline
mbështetësja	supporter
mbështetet	SUPPORTED
mbështetja	support
mbështetje	SUPPORTING
mbështetjeje	support
mbështetjes	support
mbështetni	support
mbështetur	SUPPORT
mbështetura	SUPPORTED
mbështillej	wrap
mbështilleni	wrap
mbështillesh	Imbibing
mbështillet	wraps up
Mbështillu	Wrap it up
mbështilluni	Wrap
mbështjell	reel
mbështjella	coating
mbështjellë	rolled
mbështjellën	wrapped
mbështjellësh	wrap
mbështjellin	wrap
mbështjellshin	wrapped
mbështoll	wrapped
mbështolla	wrapped
mbështollën	wrapped
mbështolli	wrapped
mbesi	remain the
mbesimë	we stay
mbesin	REMAIN
mbesinë	granddaughter
mbesish	grandchildren
mbesni	mbesni
mbeso	later
mbesoj	mbesses
mbesojë	granddaughter
mbesojmë	we are grandchildren
mbesojnë	grandchildren
mbesoni	mbesoni
mbessi	I'm sorry.
mbesumë	granddaughter
mbet	MoECT
mbeta	mbeta
mbete	bet
mbetë	remains
mbeteç	mbeteç
mbetej	remained
mbetejnë	remain
mbetem	STAY
mbetëm	remained
mbetemi	remain
mbeten	remain
mbetën	REMAIN
mbetenë	remain
mbetënë	remained
mbeteni	stay
mbetesh	'D
mbeteshim	subsisting
mbeteshin	remained
mbetet	remains
mbetët	remains
mbetetë	remained on
mbeti	remained
mbetishnë	remaining
mbetja	Remaining
mbetje	residue
mbetjen	residue
mbetjes	FATE
mbetm	I am tired.
mbetnë	remain
mbetni	the body
mbetshi	bet
mbetshin	mbetshin
mbetshinë	leftover
mbettë	leftover
Mbetu	The bed
mbetun	remain
mbetunatë	leftovers
mbetunë	remained
Mbetuni	please stick
mbetunit	the rest
mbetur	REMAINED
mbetura	RESIDUAL
mbeturat	the remaining
mbeturatë	leftovers
mbeturë	remaining
mbeturina	rubbish
mbeturinat	WastEs
mbeturinave	WASTE
mbeturinë	remnant
mbeturinën	WASTES
mbeturinës	waste
mbeturit	remnant
mbeturitë	waste
mbi	ABOUT
mbiell	mbiell
mbiella	mbiella
mbiellç	beautiful
mbiellë	planted
mbiellënë	planted
mbiellësi	planter
mbiellësit	the planters
mbiellët	planted
mbielli	white
mbiellin	mbiellin
mbiellinë	the crop
mbiellit	seedlings
mbielluna	beautiful
mbielluritë	the sprouts
mbijë	sprout
mbijetojë	survive
mbijetojnë	survive
mbijeton	survives
mbijetuan	survived
mbijetuar	SURVIVAL
mbijetuarit	survivors
mbijnë	sprout
mbikëqyr	SUPERVISION
mbikëqyrë	oversee
mbikëqyrës	SUPERVISORY
mbikëqyrësi	OVERSEER
mbikëqyrësin	supervisor
Mbikëqyrësit	Supervisors
mbikëqyrësve	supervisors
mbikëqyrja	Oversight
mbikëqyrjen	oversight
mbikëqyrnin	oversight
mbikëqyrte	oversee
mbikëqyrur	supervised
mbikqyreni	supervise
mbikqyrës	supervisor
mbikqyrje	OVERVIEW
mbill	Sow
mbilla	bill
mbillç	plant
Mbille	Bill
mbillë	plant
mbillemi	we plant
mbillenë	planted
mbilleni	sown
mbillet	PLANTED
mbilletë	plant
mbillëte	planted
mbilli	wet
mbilljë	plant
mbilljënë	sow
mbillnë	sow
mbillni	sow
mbillnin	planted
mbillnit	planted
mbillnje	planting
mbillshin	mbillshin
mbillte	sow
mbillturë	planted
mbillu	bill
mbimëza	surname
mbin	sprout
mbinatyrshme	supernatural
mbinë	sprout
mbingarkoni	overload
mbingrohur	overheated
mbinin	mbinin
mbininë	offspring
mbinjë	overwinter
mbinjënë	supernumerary
mbinjerëzore	superhuman
mbinte	heat
mbiquajt	dubbed
mbiquajtur	surnamed
mbirë	sprout
mbirëtë	sprout
mbishkrim	inscription
mbishkrimi	Tabla
mbishkrimin	inscription
mbisunduese	prevailing
mbit	mbit
mbitçë	surplus
mbitej	overgrown
mbitemi	sly
mbitenë	overshadow
mbiteshin	they survived
mbitetë	over eight
mbitjënë	above
mbitnë	survive
mbituratë	overtime
mbiturë	leftovers
mbiu	slogan
mbizotëroi	prevailed
mbizotërojë	prevail
mbizotërojnë	dominate
mbjedhura	beautiful
mbjell	plant
mbjella	embed
mbjellat	embed
mbjellë	embed
mbjellënë	planted
mbjellës	PLANT
mbjellësh	plant
mbjellësi	sower
mbjellësit	PLANTERS
mbjelli	Sow
mbjellim	sow
mbjellin	PLANT
mbjellja	PLANTING
mbjelljeve	plantings
mblakçë	blackbird
mblata	mud
mblatatë	leaves
mblatë	hadst pleasure therein
mblatëra	bees
mblatësë	planter
mblatet	mblatt
mbledh	collect
mbledhë	assemble
mbledhësh	Assemble
mbledhësit	SCAVENGER
mbledhim	gather
mbledhin	gather
mbledhinë	gathering,
mbledhja	gather
mbledhje	meeting
mbledhjeje	meeting
mbledhjen	MEETING
mbledhjes	MEETING
mbledhjet	meetings
mbledhjeve	meetings
mbledhur	gathered
mbledhura	collected
mbledhurit	gathering
mbleksi	mblex
mbletë	bee
mblidh	Heap
mblidhe	Gather
mblidhej	gather
mblidhemi	get together
mblidhen	MEET
mblidhenë	gather
mblidheni	gathered
mblidheshin	gather
mblidhet	Heap
Mblidhi	Gather
mblidhini	Gather
Mblidhmë	Gather
mblidhni	GATHER
mblidhnin	gather
mblidhte	recoup
mblidhuni	gather together
mbloç	block
mblodh	convened
mblodha	gathered
mblodhe	collect
mblodhën	together
mblodhët	fragments
mblodhi	Brought
mbloi	mbloi
mblonetë	gather
mblua	twice
mbluarë	planted
mbluaritë	plantations
mblushenë	covered
mbodhi	code
mbodhiçë	nothing
mbodhis	mbodhis
mbodhisenë	the collector
mbodhisi	bus
mbodhisjë	everything
mbodhisjënë	everything
mbodhism	Buddhism
mbodhisnë	all together
mbodhisni	bodhisni
mbodhistë	all
mbodhisurë	crowded
mbodhisurit	mbodhisurit
mbolet	planted
mboletë	seeds
mboliase	mboliasis
mboliasem	mboliasem
mboliasemi	mboliasemi
mboliasenë	planting
mboliasjë	planting
mboliasm	mboliasm
mboll	planted
mbolla	planted
mbolle	bag
mbollëm	sow
Mbollën	planted
mbolli	planted
mbollnë	plenty
Mbr	Mbr
mbramanet	mbramanet
mbramëjesë	evening
mbramie	mbramie
mbramiet	mbramiet
mbrampet	rushed
mbrapa	BACK
mbrapazë	back
mbrapëm	back
mbrapëme	back
mbrapëmeja	the back
mbrapëmen	back
mbrapëmenë	backwards
mbrapën	back
mbrapëna	back
mbrapënat	back
mbrapënatë	late at night
mbrapënë	back
mbrapënën	back
mbrapëni	back
mbrapme	rear
mbrapmeja	the back
mbrapmen	back
mbrapmenë	back
mbrapmesë	back
mbrapmet	back
mbrapmi	posterior
mbrapmin	back
mbrapmish	back
mbrapmit	back
mbrapmitë	the back
mbrapsht	BACKWARD
mbrapshta	evil
mbrapshtë	vicious
mbrapshtët	wicked
mbrapshtëve	perversity
mbrapshti	perversity
mbrapshtin	reverse
mbrapshtinë	perversity
mbrapshtisë	waywardness
mbrapshtit	wicked
mbrapshtitë	the bad guys
mbrazët	empty
mbrazëta	back
mbrazëtë	back
mbrazi	egyptian
mbrehën	tied them
Mbrehnë	Morning
mbrehni	mbrehn
mbrehu	hitched
mbrehur	drawn in the yoke
mbrehura	brehura
mbrëma	last night
mbrëmaje	evening
mbrëmane	evening
mbrëmanesë	evening
mbrëmanet	evening
mbrëmë	last night
mbrëmëje	last night
mbrëmëjesë	evening
mbrëmja	evening
mbrëmje	evening
mbrëmjen	evening
mbrëmjes	evening
mbrëmjeve	evenings
mbrenda	within
mbres	mbres
mbresa	impressions
mbresë	scar
mbret	king
mbretëneshës	queen
mbretënia	kingdom
mbretënit	the king
mbretër	KINGS
mbretërë	queen
Mbretëresh	Kingdom
mbretëresha	queen
mbretëreshat	the queens
mbretëreshe	queen
mbretëreshë	queen
mbretëreshën	queen
mbretëreshës	queen
mbretëret	queen
mbretëretë	queen
mbretëri	kingdom
mbretëria	KINGDOM
mbretërie	kingdom
mbretërimi	kingship
mbretërimin	kingship
mbretërimit	reign
mbretërin	the Kingdom
mbretërinë	KINGDOM
mbretërira	queen
mbretëris	the Kingdom
mbretërisë	kingdom
mbretërish	kings
mbretërit	kings
mbretëritë	kingdoms
mbretërive	KINGDOMS
Mbretëro	Reign
mbretëroftë	may he reign
mbretëroi	reigned
mbretëroj	reign
mbretëroja	reign
mbretërojë	reign
mbretërojëmë	reign over me
mbretërojënë	reign
mbretërojmë	reign
mbretërojnë	kings
mbretëron	reigns
mbretëronim	kings
mbretëronte	reigned
mbretëror	royal
mbretërore	kingly
mbretërorë	royal
mbretërosh	reign
mbretërove	you reigned
mbretëruan	reigned
mbretëruanë	reigned
mbretëruar	reign
mbretëruarë	reigned
mbretëruatë	reign
mbretërve	kings
mbretet	kings
mbreti	THE KING
mbretin	KING
mbretit	king
mbretje	stripe
Mbretn	Reign
mbretnë	king
mbro	PrOTEcT
mbrodh	brother
mbrodhë	protect
mbrodhi	brodhi
mbrodhurë	protected
mbrodhurit	the protected
mbrofshin	preserve me
mbroftë	He also protect
mbrohem	defend oneself
mbroheni	PROTECT
mbrohet	defends
mbroj	protect
mbroje	protect
mbrojë	protect
mbrojmë	PROTECT
mbrojnë	PROTECTING
mbrojt	defended
mbrojta	protection
mbrojte	PROTECTION
mbrojtën	protected
mbrojtës	protector
mbrojtësi	tHe advocate
mbrojtësit	LAWYER
mbrojti	defended
mbrojtja	PROTECTION
mbrojtje	DEFENSE
mbrojtjeje	protection
mbrojtjen	PROTECT
mbrojtjet	defenses
mbrojtjur	protected
mbrojtshin	protect
mbrojttë	plead
mbrojtur	protect
mbrojturi	defendant
mbromë	Protect me
mbron	protects
mbroni	protect
mbronin	protect
mbronte	protect
mbrosh	DEFEND
mbru	amber
mbruhet	molded
mbruhetë	protected
mbrujnë	knead
mbrujt	nourished
mbrujtur	leavened
mbrujturë	leavened
mbrujturitë	witchcraft
mbrum	mbrum
mbrume	dough
mbrumëme	dough
mbrumënë	dough
mbrumunit	dough
mbrumunitë	the munitions
mbrun	brown
mbuall	sly
mbuallë	bull
mbuallm	mbuallm
mbuell	mbuell
mbuellëm	we filled
mbulesa	coverage
mbulesatë	cover
mbulesave	moldings
mbulese	COVERAGE
mbulesë	UNCOVERED
mbulesën	cover
mbulesënë	the cover
mbulesës	coverage
mbulesësë	coverage
mbull	mbull
mbulo	Blot
mbulofshin	dishonor
mbuloftë	flood
mbulohei	cover yourself
mbulohej	covered
mbulohemi	enveloped
mbulohen	recovered
mbulohesh	you cover
mbulohesha	I was covering myself.
mbulohet	covered
mbulohetë	covered
mbuloi	Covering
mbuloijnë	cover
mbuloish	you covered
mbuloj	cover
mbuloje	cover it
mbulojë	cover
mbulojënë	the cover
mbulojnë	COVERING
mbulojshinë	the roof
Mbulojua	Fill
mbulomë	cover me
mbulon	COVERED
Mbulonani	Cover it.
mbulone	cover
mbulonetë	cover
mbuloni	cover
mbulonin	cover
mbuloninë	cover
mbulonj	charge eligible
mbulonjç	cover
mbulonjë	charge eligible
mbulonjënë	cover
mbulonte	cover
mbulontej	covered
mbulosh	cover
mbulova	I covered
mbulove	goest
mbulua	sprayed
mbuluan	covered
mbuluanë	covered
mbuluar	COVER
mbuluara	covered
mbuluarë	covered
mbuluarët	the veiled
mbuluari	Clothed
mbuluaritë	covers
mbulue	sprayed
mbuluem	covered
mbulueme	covered
mbuluen	covered
mbuluenë	covered
mbulumë	cover
mbulutë	cover
mbur	garbage
mburça	blanket
mbure	clear
mburëja	the bearer
mburem	my name
mburemi	water
mburenë	cover
mbureni	murren
mburetë	blanket
mburëzi	pride
mburi	back
mburim	mburiim
mburimi	follow me
mburimn	last
mburitë	the ends
mburjënë	boast
mburnie	burn
mburo	mburo
mburoftë	may it be protected
mburoja	shield
mburojash	shields
mburojat	shields
mburojave	shields
mburoje	shield
mburojë	shield
mburojën	shield
mburojënë	the shield
mburojës	shield
mburon	protects
mburonj	shields
mburonja	taster
mburonjat	shields
mburonje	scumbag
mburonjë	shield
mburonjën	the shield
mburonjënë	shield
mburonjës	shield
mburonjësi	shield
mburonte	shielded
mburova	rabbit
mburr	vaunt
mburra	snoring
mburravec	mburravec
mburravecë	boasters
mburravecët	braggart
mburravecëve	braggarts
mburre	boasting
mburrë	vaunt
mburrëci	braggart
mburrëcia	arrogance
mburrëcisë	arrogance
mburrëçorë	brawler
mburrej	boasted
mburrëkej	boasted
mburrem	brag
mburremi	boast
mburren	boast
mburrenë	boastful
mburreni	boast
mburresënë	boasting
mburresh	boast
mburreshin	boasted
mburreshinë	boasting
mburrësitë	recklessness
mburret	boast
mburretë	boast
mburrëtë	men
mburri	are touted
mburrimi	boasting
mburrja	glorying
mburrje	bounce
mburrjen	boasting
mburrjënë	boast
mburrjes	flattery
mburrni	boast
mburrova	mburrova
mburrshin	do praise Him
mburrturë	boast
mburrumitë	bragging rights
mburrun	boast
mburrunë	boast
mburruni	Glory
mburrunit	boast
mburrunitë	bragging rights
mburrur	boastful
mburrurë	boastful
mburrurit	boasting
mburturë	boastful
mburturit	butter
mburturitë	the boasts
mburuar	shielded
mburuarit	the shielded
mbush	fill
mbusha	filled
mbushamendëse	persuasive
mbushç	filler
mbushçi	filler
mbushe	pour
mbushë	fill
mbusheç	filler
mbushei	fill up
mbushej	was filling
mbushëja	topping
mbushem	swell
mbushëm	filled
mbushëme	refillable
mbushëmë	fillable
mbushëmeje	fillable
mbushëmen	the filling
mbushëmesë	filler
mbushëmit	the fillings
mbushen	fill up
mbushën	filled
mbushenë	filled
mbusheni	Fill
mbushesh	filled
mbushësh	fill
mbusheshin	ended
mbusheshinë	were filling
mbushet	fill
mbushetë	full
mbushi	filled
mbushim	filling
mbushimë	filling
mbushin	fill
mbushinë	fullness
Mbushini	Fill
mbushinit	fill up
mbushish	blanket
mbushishnë	you are covered
mbushja	fill
mbushjani	fill it
mbushjë	fill
mbushnë	fill
mbushni	fill
mbushnin	fill
mbushninë	fullness
mbushnjë	filling
mbushnjënë	fullness
mbushte	fill
mbushtë	full
Mbushua	Filled
mbushulli	abound
mbushullia	abundance
mbushullimin	the overflow
mbushullinë	abundance
mbushullisë	abundance
mbushulluar	abounding
mbushun	fill up
mbushunë	full
mbushuni	filled
mbushunit	full
mbushunitë	abundance
mbushur	FILL
mbushura	packed
mbushurë	filled
mbushurit	fullness
mbyll	CLOSED
mbylla	I closed
mbyllç	close
mbylle	SHUT
mbyllë	SEAL
mbyllej	shuts down
mbyllëm	closed
mbyllëmesë	closing
mbyllen	Concluded
mbyllën	plugged
mbyllenë	closed
mbyllësh	close up
mbylleshin	were closing
mbyllet	closes
mbyllët	dark
mbylli	SEAL
mbyllin	SEAL
mbyllja	CLOSING
mbyllnë	close
mbyllni	close
mbyllnin	close
mbyllnjam	close
mbyllnjë	lock
mbyllshin	mbyllshin
mbyllte	close
mbylltë	dark
mbyllu	shut
mbyllunë	closed
mbyllur	ENdEd
mbyllura	Indoors
mbyllurat	closed ones
mbyllurë	closed
mbysënë	drown
mbysin	kill
mbysinë	drowning
mbysnin	drowned
mbyste	drown
mbyt	KILLS
mbyta	mbyta
mbytej	drowned
mbytëme	drowning
mbytëmë	drown me
mbytemi	we drown
mbyten	drown
mbytën	drowned
mbytenë	drown
mbytës	choker
mbytëse	choker
mbytet	wreck
mbytin	overflow
mbytnë	drown
mbytunë	drowned
mbytur	Stifled
mbytura	strangled
mbyturë	drowned
mçeësh	mçe
mçoijnë	they teach
mçojë	disease
mçojënë	the doctor
mçon	mason
mçoni	mçoni
mçuanë	from Macua
mçuarë	old man
me	me
më	MORE
Meahut	Hundred
Mearahu	Mearahu
Mebunai	Buildings
mëçelshinë	mechelshina
Medad	Medad
Medadi	Medad
Medanë	Medan
Medanin	Medan
medasi	medical
medasit	medasite
medasve	medasve
medë	Medea
Medebajënë	Medebaje
Medebas	Medebas
Medebën	Medeba
Medebës	Medeba
medet	help
medët	Medea
mëdha	big
mëdhatë	largest
mëdhej	major
mëdhejsh	big
mëdhejt	major
mëdhejtë	supersized
mëdhejvet	elders
mëdhenj	great
mëdhenjet	the great ones
mëdhenjt	great
mëdhenjtë	great
mëdhenjve	to the great ones
mëdhenjvet	the great ones
mëdhinj	big
mëdhinjet	the elders
mëdhinjtë	the elders
Medi	Medi
Medisë	Media
mëditës	laborer
mëditësit	the hired servants
meditim	THINK
mëditje	hire
mëditjen	wages
medituar	MEDITATION
medium	medium
mediume	media
mediumet	media
mediumët	mediums
mediumeve	media
mediumi	The medium
medoemos	necessarily
mëdyshje	quandary
Meeman	Meeman
Mefaathi	Mefaathi
Mefaathin	Mephaath
Mefibosheth	Mefibosheth
Mefiboshethi	Mephibosheth
Mefiboshethin	Mefiboshethin
Mefiboshethit	Mefiboshethit
Megido	Megido
Megidoja	Megiddo
Megidon	Megidon
Megidos	Megiddo
mëgjërë	left
megjistanët	the great ones
megjithatë	STILL
megjithëkëtë	However
megjithëse	ALTHOUGH
mehet	can go
Mehetabeel	Mehetabeel
Mehetabeelit	Mehetabeelit
Mehetabel	Mehetabel
Mehetabellë	Mehetabelle
Mehidas	In the house
Mehiti	Mosque
Mehola	Mehola
Meholahu	Famous
Meholahut	Meholath
Meholathitit	Meholathitit
Mehujaeli	Juice
Mehujaelit	Juice bodies
Mehujaili	Juice lover
Mehujailit	Juicers
Mehumanin	Mehumanin
Mehunimit	Mehunim
mëjaft	enough
mejdan	party
mejdanit	army
meje	borders
mëjekës	mother-in-law
mëjekësish	of nurses
mejet	squeeze
mëjte	left
mëjti	left
mejtoni	kill
mëkat	sin
mëkatar	SINFUL
mëkatare	sinner
mëkatarë	sinners
mëkatarëme	sinful
mëkatarëpër	sinners
mëkatarësh	sinners
mëkatarët	sinner
mëkatarëve	sinners
mëkatari	sinner
mëkatarin	sinner
mëkatarit	sinners
mëkate	sin
mëkatesh	Sins
mëkatet	sins
mëkateve	sins
mëkati	sin
mëkatin	sin
mëkatit	sin
mëkato	sin
mëkatoi	transgressed
mëkatoj	sin
mëkatoje	sin
mëkatojë	sin
mëkatojmë	sin
mëkatojnë	sin
mëkaton	sin
mëkatoni	sin
mëkatonin	sin
mëkatonte	sin
mëkatosh	sin
mëkatova	I have sinned
mëkatove	sinned
mëkatuan	sinned
mëkatuar	sinned
mëkatuari	sin
mëkëmbë	recovery
mëkëmbësi	Vicar
meken	Mecca
meket	how much
mëkojnë	nurse
Mekona	Mecon
Mekrea	Mekrea
mëkuan	imbibe
mëkuar	Heaving
mekur	faint
mel	mel
Melahu	Idle
Melatiahu	Melati
mëlçia	Liver
mëlçin	liver
mëlçinë	liver
mëlçisë	liver
mëlçit	livers
mele	body
Meleait	Meleait
Meleas	Meleas
melek	angel
meleku	Melech
melet	flour
melevet	the voice
melhem	ointment
melheme	Melheme
melhemet	melhemet
melhemin	melhemin
Melhisedeku	Melchizedek
Melhisedekut	Melchizedek
Melhisedheknë	Melchizedek
Melhisedheku	Melchizedek
Melhisedhekut	Melchizedek
Melhiut	Melhiut
Melikut	Following
Melingonjatë	Ants
Melitë	Melita
Melkisedek	Melchizedek
Melkisedeku	Melchizedek
Melkisedekun	Melchizedek
Melkisedekut	Melchizedekut
Melkiut	Melkiut
Melkut	Melkut
mellan	between
Mellha	Mellha
Mellhasë	Milk hare
Mellhisedhekut	Melhisedhekut
melodi	melody
melodia	SONG
melodike	melodically
melodinë	melody
melodisë	melodist
Melohahu	It's crazy
Meltsari	Meltsari
Meltsarit	Meltzarit
Mem	Mem
mëm	mouth
mëma	parent
mëme	mamma
mëmë	PARENT
memec	mute
memece	dumb
memecë	dumb
memecërisë	mutism
memecët	mute
memeci	memes
memecit	memecit
mëmën	parent
mëmënë	mother
mëmësë	mother's
memëzi	mute
mëmma	mom
mëmmën	mother
mëmmënë	mother
mëmmësë	mother's
Memuhothit	Memuhothit
Memukami	Fascinating
Memukani	To please
memvranatë	membrane
memzi	memzi
Menahemi	Menachem
Menahemin	Menahemin
Menahemit	Menahemith
Menait	Led
Menas	Art
menathenjve	menathenjve
menç	goal
mënç	wisdom
mënçëm	wise
mënçëme	wise
mënçëmëvet	the wise men
mënçëmi	wisdom
mënçëminë	foolishness
mënçëmit	the wise
mençim	my purpose
mënçim	wisdom
mençime	to my mind
mënçime	wisdom
mençiminë	wisdom
mënçiminë	wisdom
mençimit	wisdom
mënçimit	wisdom
mençimitë	the wise men
mençunë	wise man
mençur	wise
mençura	smart
mënçura	wisdom
mençurat	the wise ones
mënçuratë	wisdom
mençurave	wise men
mënçuravet	wisdom
mënçurë	wise
mençuret	wise
mençuri	WISELY
mençuria	wisdom
mençurinë	wisdom
mençurisë	wisdom
mençurit	the wise
mençuritë	wisely
mënçuritë	wisdoms
mençurve	to the wise
mend	mend
mënd	me
mëndafsh	terry
mëndafshi	silk
mënde	nurse
mëndë	nurse
mendëja	mind
mëndeja	mind
mëndëja	mind
mendëje	mind
mëndëje	mind
mendëjen	the mind
mëndejen	mind
mëndëjen	mind
mendëjenë	mind
mëndëjenë	mind
mëndëjes	Monday
mendëjesë	mindset
mëndëjesë	mind
mëndëjet	minds
mëndën	sucked
mëndesa	nurse
mendesh	my name is
mëndesha	nurse
mëndeshat	wet nurses
mëndeshëa	milk
mëndeshën	nurse
mëndeshët	the nurses
mendësi	mentality
mëndi	nursed
mendia	mountain
mëndia	mind
mendie	mountains
mëndie	man
mendien	mountains
mëndien	mouth
mendienë	mind
mëndienë	mind
mendiesë	thinking
mëndiesë	consciousness
mendieshë	wise woman
mendim	OPINION
mendime	thoughts
mendimesh	thought
mendimet	thoughts
mendimetë	thoughts
mendimeve	thoughts
mendimevet	thoughts
mëndimevet	thoughts
mendimi	OPINION
mendimin	the opinion
mendiminë	thought
mendimit	thought
mendimt	thought
mendin	in the mountains
mëndin	nursing infants
mëndit	mind
mendja	mind
mendje	mind
mendjehollë	discerning
mendjeje	mind
mendjelehta	foolish
mendjelehtë	giddy
mendjelehtësi	levity
mendjemadhe	presumptuous
mendjemadhësi	haughtiness
mendjemadhësinë	haughtiness
mendjemadhësisë	arrogantly
mendjemadhin	arrogant
mendjemëdhenj	conceited
mendjemëdhenjtë	proud
mendjemëdhenjve	proud
mendjemprehtë	witty
mendjen	mind
mendjeprishur	minds
mendjes	mind
mendjeshkurtër	half-witted
mendjeshkurtrit	short-sighted
mendjet	minds
mëndnë	mind
mëndnin	brought him
mendo	THINK
mendoftë	think about it
mendohei	think about it
mendohej	thought
mendohem	bethink
mendohenë	are thought
mendoheni	ponder
mendohesha	musing
Mendoheshe	You thought.
mendoheshë	thought
mendoheshinë	were thinking
mendoheshitë	you thought
mendohet	thought
mendohetë	it is thought
mendohu	think about it
mendohuni	Consider
mendoi	thought
mendoimë	we thought
mendoj	THINK
mendoja	I thought
mendoje	think
mendojë	contemplate
mendojem	I think
mendojënë	thought
mendojeni	Think
mendojmë	THOUGHTS
mendojnë	THINK
mendojsh	think
mendon	thinks
mendone	reflect:
mëndone	think
mëndonej	think about
mendonejnë	they think
mëndonejnë	they think
mendonem	I will fix it.
mëndonemi	we think
mendonenë	thought
mendoneni	think
mëndoneni	think about it
mendonesh	you think
mendoneshë	thought
mëndoneshinë	they thought
mendoneshitë	you think
mendonetë	think
mendoni	THINK
mëndoni	think
mendonim	thought
mendonin	thought
mëndoninë	the mind
mëndonishnë	in the mind
mendonj	I think
mendonjënë	think
mendonte	THOUGHT
mendosh	THINKING
mendova	I thought
mendove	I thought
mëndove	I thought
mendra	to be
mendrës	mint
mendsh	dizziness
mendtë	dizzy
mëndte	suckle
mendua	thought
mëndua	thought
Menduam	thought
menduan	thought
menduanë	we thought
menduar	THINK
menduara	thought
menduarë	thought
menduarit	thinking
menduash	you thought
menduashë	I thought
mendue	have thought
menduem	we thought
menduenë	thought
mendueshë	mind
mendumë	we thought
mëndur	nursed
Mëndyra	Dirty mind
mëndyre	mind
mëndyrë	dirty
mëndyrës	wise
mëndyrësë	wise
mëndyrësh	wise
MENE	ME
Meneandri	Meneandri
mënga	sleeve
mëngë	creek
mëngën	mengen
mëngësh	sleeve
mëngët	creek
mëngjarash	left-handed
mëngjarashë	lefthanded
mëngjëra	left-handed
mëngjërë	left-handed
mëngjërën	left
mëngjërënë	left-handed
mëngjërët	left-handed people
mëngjërit	left-handed
mëngjes	breakfast
Mëngjesëja	Breakfast
mengjesëjesë	breakfast
mëngjesëjesë	breakfast
mëngjesëme	breakfast
mëngjesënë	in the morning
mëngjeseve	breakfast
mëngjesi	BREAKFAST
mëngjesie	breakfast
mëngjesin	the morning
mëngjesit	morning
mëngjesore	Vigil
mëngjest	morning
mengoftë	good morning
mengoi	mengoi
mëngoi	mengoi
mengojë	morning
mengojnë	they are eating
mengon	to see
mëngon	delicious
mëngoni	miss
Mëngova	I missed.
mengove	mengo
menguem	menguem
mëni	hesitating
mënie	departure
Menin	I went
mënin	they were
mëninë	the way
mënisë	Menis
Menit	Minute
mënit	my name
mënjanë	aside
mënjanuar	Omitted
menjëherë	immediately
mënjënd	next
mënjët	away
mëno	defer
mënofça	hypocrisy
mënohej	was abandoned
mënohetë	abandoned
mënoi	been slow
mënoj	leave
mënojë	escape
mënojnë	everyone thinks
mënon	leaves
mënoninë	Mennonite
mënonjë	one-sided
ment	ment
mënt	Menta
mentë	mint
mëntë	mint
mëntëje	mind
mëntëjesë	afterlife
menteshat	menteshat
Mentimet	Mentimet
mentsh	mentsh
mentshim	mentshim
mentshime	mentshime
mentshimet	mentshimet
mentshimetë	thoughts
mentshimevet	mentshimevet
mentshimish	mentshimish
mentshimvet	mentshimvet
mentshunavet	mentshunavet
mënuarë	left-handed
mënyra	way
mënyrat	ways
mënyre	way
mënyrë	ORDER
mënyrën	WAY
mënyrës	WAY
Meon	Temperament
Meonathai	Meonathai
Meoni	Meoni
Meonin	Meonin
mëparshëm	PREVIOUS
mëparshme	previous
mëparshmëve	ancients
mëparshmit	former
mëparshmja	Previous
meqë	WHEREAS
meqenëse	WHEREAS
mer	more
Merab	Merab
Merabi	Merabi
Merabin	Merabin
Meradoku	My name is Merado.
Merahë	Merah
Merahësë	Merahes
Merajahu	King
Merajothi	Merajothi
Merajothit	Merajothit
merak	curiosity
merakosesh	worry
merakoset	cares
merakun	concern
Merari	Merari
Merarit	Merarit
meraritëve	Merarites
Merathaimit	Merathaimit
mërcen	Wednesday
mercenarët	mercenaries
merë	Mere
Meredi	Meredith
Meredit	Meredit
mërekulli	miracle
mërekullia	miracle
mërekulliash	miraculous
mërekulliat	miracles
mërekulliatë	miracle worker
mërekulliavet	miracles
mërekullime	miracles
mërekullit	miracles
mërekullitë	miracles
mërekullivet	miracles
mërekullo	miracle
mërekullohei	marveled
Mërekullohem	I marvel.
mërekullohen	marvel
mërekullohenë	they marvel
mërekulloheni	marvel
mërekulloheshin	they marveled
mërekulloheshinë	they marveled
mërekullohetë	marvel
mërekullohi	miracle
mërekullova	merekullova
mërekullove	you did wonders
mërekullu	miracle
mërekullue	miracle
mërekulluem	miraculous
mërekulluen	they marveled
mërekulluenë	miraculous
mërekullueshim	wonderment
mërekullueshime	miracles
mërekullueshimenë	miraculously
mërekullueshimetë	miraculously
mërekullunë	miracle
mërekullushim	miracle
mërekullushime	miracles
meremetimi	sea ​​food
meremetoi	sea ​​method
meremetuar	repaired
Meremothi	Meremoth
Meremothit	Meremothit
Merenothi	Merenothi
Meresi	Clean
mërgim	exile
mërgimi	Migration
mërgimtarët	exiles
mërgo	exile
mërgohesh	you go into exile
mërgohi	exile
mërgohu	exile
Mërgohuni	Go away.
mërgoi	emigrated
mërgojënë	exile
mërgon	leads them away
mërgonej	exile
mërgonemi	exile
mërgonenë	exile
mërgonesh	exile
mërgonetë	exile
mërgoni	exile
mërgonjç	exile
mërgou	exiled
Mërgove	Exile
mërgua	exiled
mërguam	we emigrated
mërguanë	exile
mërguar	expatriate
mërguarë	exiles
mërguari	exile
mërguarit	exiles
mërgue	migrating
mërguem	exile
mëri	RESENTFUL
mëria	Resentment
Merib	Sea
Meriba	Meriba
Meribah	Meribah
Meribahësë	Meribah
Meribahut	Meribahut
Meribas	Meribas
Meribë	Meribah
Meribës	Strife
Meribothit	Meribothit
mërie	resentment
mërihenë	Monday
merimangash	merimangash
merimange	spider
mërin	grudge
mërinë	wrath
mërisë	Mary
mërishëm	resentfully
mërit	grudge
merite	worthy
meritë	merit
mëritë	grudges
meritoja	deserved
meritojë	worthy
meritojnë	deserve
meriton	deserves
meritoni	deserve
meritonin	deserved
meritonte	worthy
merituar	deserved
mëritur	rancorous
Merivahut	Meribah
Merkur	Mercury
Mërkur	mercury
mermer	marble
mermeri	marble
merni	receive
Merodah	Merodah
Merodak	Merodak
Merodaku	Merodaku
Meromit	Merom
Meronit	Meron
meronothiti	meronothiti
Merozin	Merozin
merr	GET
merra	merra
merre	where
merrë	appeasing
merrej	deal
merrem	attend
merremi	deal
merren	TAKEN
merrën	and surname
merreni	Dealing
merresh	dealing
merresha	was dealing
merreshin	deal
merret	OBTAINED
merretë	take care
merri	Merrin
Merrie	Mare
merrin	they take
merrinë	they get
mërrinë	grudge
Merrini	Take
merrja	taking
merrjani	Take
merrje	mark
Merrma	Merrma
merrmë	take me
Merrmëni	then take
merrna	more
Merrnë	They take
merrni	take
merrnia	take
merrnim	take
merrnin	Take
merrnit	receive
merrshiem	mershiem
merrshinë	take away
merrte	take
merru	Deal
merrua	mercury
mërsina	myrtle
mërsinave	myrtle
mersinë	myrtle
mërsine	myrtle
mërsinën	myrtle
mërzeninë	boredom
mërzis	bore
mërziste	upset
mërzit	bother
mërzita	bored
mërzitç	boring
mërzitë	bothering
mërzitëje	annoy
mërzitet	weary
mërzitetë	boring
mërzitnë	boring
mërzitni	worry
mërzitnjë	boredom
mërzitnjën	boredom
mërzitnjënë	boredom
mërzitshëm	boring
merzitte	sad
mërzitte	bored
mërzittë	boring
mërzitur	bored
mërzitura	bored
mërziturë	bored
mërziturësë	annoying
mërzituritë	boredom
mes	we
mësalla	tablecloth
mësalle	mess
mësallë	tablecloth
mësallëra	gossip
mësallësë	the mess
mësallëvet	the omens
mesazh	MeSSAge
mesazhi	Posts
mesazhin	mESSAGE
Mesdhe	MEDITERRANEAN
mesdhetar	Mediterranean
Mesdheut	MEDITERRANEAN
mesdita	noon
mesditë	noon
mesditës	noon
mesditësë	noon
Meseh	Clean
Mesehu	The mesh
mesëm	SECONDARY
mësesës	teacher
mesetë	middle
Mesha	Mesha
Meshak	Meshak
Meshaku	Meshach
Meshakun	Mishakun
Meshakut	Meshakut
meshë	wafer
Mesheh	Mesheh
Meshek	Meshek
Mesheku	Meshech
Meshekun	Meshechun
Meshekut	Meshekut
Meshelemiahu	Meshelemiah
Meshelemiahut	Meshelemiah
meshënë	noon
Meshezabeeli	Meshezabeeli
Meshezabeelit	Meshezabeelit
Meshilemothit	Meshilemothit
Meshillemithit	Meshillemith
mëshira	Compassion
mëshirat	mercies
mëshire	mercy
mëshirë	mercy
mëshirën	mercy
mëshirëplotë	Most merciful
mëshirës	merciful
mëshirohen	mercy
mëshiroi	mercy
mëshiroj	have mercy
mëshiromë	have mercy on me
mëshiromëni	pity
mëshironi	Pity
mëshirova	mercy
mëshirplotë	Gracious
mëshirshëm	merciful
mëshirshme	mercifully
mëshirshmit	Gracious
mëshiruar	mercy
mëshiruat	you had mercy
mëshkaja	the birch
mëshkonja	skunk
meshkuj	MALE
meshkujt	Males
meshkujtë	males
meshkujve	men
Meshobabi	Meshobabi
mëshqera	heifer
Mëshqerësë	Heifers
mëshqerra	heifers
mëshqerre	heifer
mëshqerrë	heifer
mëshqerrën	cow
mëshqerrënë	heifer
mëshqerrës	cow
mëshqerrësë	heifers
mështierrë	mother-in-law
Meshulami	Meshulami
Meshulamin	Meshulamin
Meshulamit	Meshulamit
Meshulemeth	Meshulemeth
Meshullami	Meshullami
Meshullamit	Meshullamit
mesi	months
Mesia	Messiah
Mesian	Messiah
Mesianë	Messiah
mesianike	Messianic
mësim	LEARNING
mësimdhënie	teaching
mësimdhënies	teaching
mësime	courses
mësimesh	learning
mësimet	learning
mësimeve	teachings
mësimi	sparring
mësimin	LEARNING
mësiminë	the lesson
mësimit	LEARNING
mësimn	learning
mësimnë	lesson
mësimt	learning
mësimtorë	teachers
Mesimvrisë	Learn.
mesin	machine
Mesinë	Messiah
Mesisë	Messiah
mesit	Messi
mesít	to tell
mesiti	messiah
mesitin	the middle
mesitit	Mesiti
mesm	same
mesnata	midnight
mesnatë	midnight
mesnatës	midnight
mëso	learn
mësoftë	teacher
mësohej	taught
mësohen	learn
mësohenë	are taught
mësohet	LEARN
mësohi	learn
mësohuni	Practice
mësoi	LEARNING
mësoimë	we learned
mësoj	LEARNING
mësoja	learn
mësoje	Teach
mësojë	learn
mësojënë	they teach
Mësoji	Train
mësojinë	the lesson
Mësojini	Teach
mësojmë	LEARN
mësojnë	learn
mësojsh	learn
mësoju	Teach
mësojua	you learned
mësojuani	teach
mësomë	Teach
mëson	TEACHES
mësona	Teach us
mësonetë	lessons
mësoni	learn
mësonia	learning
mësonin	learn
mësoninë	learn
mësonj	teach
mësonjç	teacher
mësonjë	let's learn
mësonjënë	let's learn
mësonjësit	teachers
mësonte	teaching
Mesopotami	Mesopotamia
Mesopotamia	Mesopotamia
Mesopotamisë	Mesopotamia
mësosh	learning
mësova	I learned
mësove	taught
Messia	Messiah
Messinë	Messina
mest	most
mësuam	LEARNING
mësuan	LEARNED
mësuanë	they learned
mësuar	LEARNING
mësuara	learned
mësuarë	learn
mësuarët	learned
mësuarit	lEARNING
mësuaritë	teachings
mësuat	learned
mësue	Mesut
mesuem	mys truly
mësuem	learned
mësueme	teach us
mësuemesë	teacher
mësuemit	students
mësuemitë	my lessons
mësuenë	taught
mësues	teacher
mësuese	teacher
mësuesi	teacher
mësuesin	Instructor
mësuesit	teachers
mësuesve	tEACHERS
mësuetë	teacher
mësum	Mesum
mësumë	lesson
mësunë	learned
mësymje	sortie
meta	meta
metal	metal
metali	metals
metaltë	metal
metamorfos	metamorphosis
metamorfosetë	metamorphoses
metani	methane
metaninë	methane
metanis	metanis
metanisë	prostration
Metanit	methane
metanoiç	metanoic
metanoiçi	methanoic
metanoiçinë	metanoia
metanois	metaphysics
metanoisa	methane
metanoisi	metanoisi
metanoisjënë	metanoisian
metanoisnë	metanoisnē
metanoisni	metanoic
metanoistë	metanoists
metanoisurë	methanosis
metë	flaw
meteisinë	the weather
Methanie	Methanie
Methusaeli	Methusaeli
Methusaili	Methusaili
Methusailit	Methusailit
Methusalehu	Methusalehu
Methuselahu	Methuselahu
Methuselahut	Methuselah
mëtonem	metonem
metra	meter
Metredës	Matred
Metsobaiti	Metsobaiti
Metuselahu	Metuselah
Meunimit	Meunim
meunitët	the Meunites
meunitëve	Mehunims
mëza	foals
Mezahabit	Mezahabit
Mezahabut	Mezahabut
mëzat	foals
mezatë	mezzanine
mëzetë	calf
mëzetën	the morning
mëzetënavet	the youngest
mëzetënish	great-grandson
mëzetër	and the bullocks
mezi	between
mezin	big
mezinë	muezzin
mi	me
mia	my
miaft	miaft
mialta	high
mialte	mialte
mialtë	high
miat	mine
miatë	thousands
Mibcar	Mibcar
Mibhari	Bars
Mibsami	Mibs
Mibtsar	Mibtsar
Mibzari	Mibzari
Micah	Micah
Micahu	Micah
Midhëtë	Mussels
Midhi	Mids
Midian	Midian
Midianë	Midianites
Midiani	Midian
Midianin	Midian
Midianit	Midian
midianite	midianite
midianitë	Midianite
midianitët	Midianites
Midianitëtë	The Midianites
midianitëve	Midianites
Midianitëvet	The Midianites
midianitja	Mid'i · an ·
Midini	Go down
midis	between
miedis	miedis
miedisëme	we are busy
miedisit	miedisit
miedist	miedist
miedizat	mid-sized
miedizatë	midday meal
miedizinë	mid-life
miedizit	midwifery
miegull	miegull
miekës	my friend
miekësi	friendship
miekësit	friends
miekësitë	friendships
miekrë	small
miekrët	small
miell	flour
mielli	flour
mielliishin	they were flouring
miellin	flour
miellit	FLOUR
mier	more
mierë	Mier
miergullë	mistletoe
Mieri	Aiming
mies	man
mieshtër	master
mieshtëri	craftsmanship
mieshtërie	carpentry
mieshtërisë	craftsmanship
mieshtërisht	meaty
mieshtra	mieshtra
mieshtravet	mieshtravet
mieshtrë	master
mieshtri	mieshtri
mieshtria	craftsmanship
mieshtrie	mieshtrie
mieshtrin	the master
mieshtrinë	the master
mieshtrisë	mastery
mieshtrit	craftsmen
mieshtritë	crafts
mieshtrivet	mieshtrivet
Mifkadit	Mifkadi
Migdal	Almond
Migdholit	Migdholit
Migdol	Migdol
Migdoli	Almond
Migdolit	Almond
migmë	migma
Migron	Migron
Migronin	Migronin
miha	miha
Mihail	Michael
Mihaili	Mikhail
mihanimatë	mihanimat
mihënë	mine
miheps	miheps
mihetë	mine
mihi	to me
mihiera	tongue
mihira	sing
mihitë	the birds
mihnë	mine
miho	miho
mihotë	meat
mihtë	friends
Mihu	Mihu
mihur	mihur
mija	hundred
Mijamimi	Miami
Mijamini	Miami
mijash	mijash
mijë	THOUSAND
mijëna	thousands
mijënash	thousands
mijëra	THOUSANDS
mijërash	thousands
mijërat	thousands
mijërave	thousands
mijësh	thousands
mijëshe	thousandth
mijëshen	thousands
mijëshes	thousandth
mijëshet	thousands
mijësheve	thousands
mijësit	thousands
mijët	myriads
mijëtë	thousandth
mijëve	thousand
mijëvet	thousands
mijtë	thousandth
mijtët	thousandth
mik	what
Mika	Mika
Mikael	Michael
Mikaeli	Michael
Mikaelin	Michael's
Mikaelit	Michaels
Mikah	Micah
Mikahu	Mika
Mikahun	To Mika
Mikahut	Micah
Mikailit	Mikalilit
Mikajah	Mikajah
Mikajaht	Mika hunt
Mikajahu	Micaiah
Mikajahun	Micaiah
Mikajahut	Micaiah
Mikal	Michal
Mikalin	Michael
Mikalit	suddenly
Mikas	Mick
mikatë	mica
Mikea	Mike
Mikeas	Mikeas
mikërishte	friendly
mikesha	girlfriend
mikja	friend
Miklothi	Miklothi
Miklothit	Miklothit
miklues	miklues
mikluese	complimentary
Mikmash	Michmash
Mikmashi	Mikmashi
Mikmashit	Mikmashit
Mikmasit	Mikmasit
Mikmethathit	Mikmethathit
Mikmethsah	Mikmethsah
miknë	friend
Miknejahu	Miknejahu
mikneshat	mikneshat
mikpritës	HOST
mikpritëse	HOME
mikpritësi	host
mikpritjen	hospitality
mikpritjes	hospitality
Mikrit	Michri
Miktam	For the sake of
miku	miku
mikun	FRIEND
mikunë	friend
mikut	friend
mil	thousand
Milalai	Good morning
milë	mile
milëra	miles
milërash	thousand
milërave	miles
milës	Mila
milet	nation
milët	miles
milete	nation
miletë	millet
Miletësë	Miletus
miletetë	thousandth
miletevet	nation
Mileti	Creep
miletit	MILLET
milingona	ant
milingoneja	miloneja
milion	million
milionë	MILLION
Milito	War
Militua	Military
miliunit	milliunit
milje	miles
miljun	million
Milkah	Milkah
Milkahut	Milkahut
Milkijahu	Milky Ginger
Milkomin	Milkomin
Milkomit	Milkomit
mill	mill
milli	national
millin	milli
Millkaha	Millkaha
Millkahësë	Milkhaha
millt	damage
Milo	Milo
Milon	Milon
Milos	Milos
mina	mine
minë	mine
minën	Mina
mineral	mineral
Minialin	Minialin
Miniamini	Miniamina
Miniaminit	Miniamin
minierë	mine
minimumi	minimum
ministra	Minister
ministrat	MINISTERS
Minit	Minute
Minithit	Short
minj	mice
minjtë	mice
minjve	rats
miq	FRIENDS
miqësi	friendship
miqësia	friendship
miqësie	friendship
miqësin	the friendship
miqësisht	friendly
miqësore	friendly
miqet	FRIENDS
miqsh	friends
miqt	Friends
miqtë	friends
miqve	FRIENDS
miqvet	miqvet
mir	me
mira	mira
mirash	goodly
mirat	BENEFITS
mirate	targeted
miratë	Mirate
miratimin	aPPROVAL
miratofshin	be acceptable
miratohej	approved
miratohet	approved
miratoi	APPROVED
miratoja	consenting
miratojnë	ADOPTED
miraton	GRANTS
miratoni	Adopt
miratova	miratova
miratuam	approved
miratuar	ADOPTED
mirave	GOODS
miravet	look
mire	what for
mirë	good
mirëbërëse	benefactress
mirëbesimin	Trust
mirëbesueshëm	trusting
mirëdashës	benevolent
mirëdashëse	benevolent
mirëdashja	kindness
mirëdashje	fondling
mirëdashjen	KINDNESS
mirëdashjes	kindness
mirëkuptim	understanding
mirëmage	good morning
mirën	GOOD
mirënë	Mirena
mirëni	kindness
mirënia	kindness
mirëninë	kindness
mirënisë	kindness
mirënit	good morning
mirënjohës	grateful
mirënjohje	ACKNOWLEDGMENT
mirëpo	however
mirëpresin	welcome
mirëprisni	welcome
mirëpritën	welcomed
mirëpritet	Welcoming
mirëpriti	WELCOMED
mirëpritur	welcome
mirëpritura	welcome
mirëqenia	Welfare
mirëqenie	WELFARE
mirëqenien	WELFARE
mirës	GOOD
mirësë	goodness
mirësi	KINDLY
mirësia	goodness
mirësie	goodness
mirësinë	TESY
mirësisë	goodness
mirësitë	Blessings
mirësive	Bounty
mirësjellje	courtesy
mirët	best
mirëtë	Mirete
mirëve	BEST
mirëvet	good things
miri	miri
Miriam	Miriam
Miriami	Miriam
Miriamin	Miriam
Miriamit	Miriam
mirin	all over
mirinë	kindness
mirinformuar	INFORMED
mirisurë	perfume
mirit	Best of
Mirmah	Mirmah
mirmanga	mirmanga
mirmange	mirmange
mirnjam	mirnjam
miro	fruit
mirodhi	mirodhi
mirodhia	mirodhi
mirolloisni	mirolloisni
mirollojisratë	good luck
mironë	myrrh
mirosë	Miros
mirr	myrrh
mirra	myrrh
mirraishte	myrrh
mirrat	myrrh
mirre	myrrh
mirrë	myrrh
mirrën	myrrh
mirrenë	myrrh
mirrës	myrrh
mirretë	myrrh
mirri	smile
Mirrie	Mirrie
mirrinë	myrrh
mirrni	myrrh
mirrte	tions
mirudhi	mirudhi
mirudhira	mulberry
Misabib	Misabib
Misaja	The message
mish	mish
Mishael	Mishael
Mishaeli	Mishaeli
Mishaelin	Mishaelin
Mishaelit	Mishaelit
Mishaili	Missiles
Mishalin	Mishalin
Mishami	Branches
misharaenjtë	carnivores
mishëra	flesh
mishërat	flesh
Mishërimi	embodiment
misheriret	have mercy
mishëror	carnally
mishërore	carnal
mishërua	incarnated
mishi	him/her
mishin	meat
mishinë	Mishina
mishit	meat
Mishma	Mishma
Mishmanahu	Mishmanahu
Mishmas	Mishmas
mishn	mission
mishna	mishna
mishnash	mishnash
mishnat	mishnat
mishnatë	mishnath
mishnë	meat
mishngrënësit	carnivores
Mishpat	Mishpat
mishra	mishra
mishrat	gums
misht	geous
mishta	misht
mishtë	carnal
Misi	Mission
Misinë	Mysia
mision	MISSION
misionin	MISSION
misionit	MISSION
Misir	Egypt
Misirë	Corn
Misiri	Egypt
Misirinë	Egypt
Misirit	be streaming
Misisë	Mysia
Mispari	Mispari
mispatë	mispat
Misperethin	Misperethin
Misraimi	Egyptian
Misraimit	Misraimit
Misrefothit	Misrefothit
mister	mister
mistere	consume
misteret	mysteries
mistereve	mysteries
misteri	mystery
misterin	mystery
misterit	mysteries
mistir	mystery
mistirë	mystery
mistiri	mystery
mistiria	mystery
mistirio	mystery
mistirioit	you will be mystified
Mistirionë	Mysteries
mita	meter
mitatë	taxes
mite	mite
mitë	bribe
Mithkah	Myth
Mithkahu	Mithkahu
Mithni	Mithun
Mithredathi	Mithradates
Mithredathit	Misrepresentation
Mitilenë	Mytilene
Mitilin	Mitilin
Mitilinë	Mytilene
mitologjisë	mythology
mitra	mitra
mitrat	mitra
mitratë	mitres
mitrë	Mithras
mitrënë	uterus
mitrësë	uterus
mitrët	wombs
Mitsarit	Draw
Mitspah	Mizpah
Mitspahu	Mizpahu
Mitspahun	Mitspahun
Mitspahut	Mizpah
Mitspehu	Mitzpehu
Mitsraim	Mitsraim
Mitsraimi	Egypt
Mitsraimit	Mitsraimit
mitun	Mitun
mitunë	bribe
mitunënë	the mituna
mituninë	prostitution
mitunitë	the mutineers
mitur	JUVENILE
miturë	minor
mituret	mid-hour
mituri	myths
mituria	fraud
mituritë	minors
miturve	MINORS
Mitylenë	Mitylene
miu	miu
miza	table
Mizahu	Mizahu
Mizarit	Miserable
mizash	mizash
mizat	bet
mizave	flies
mizavet	flies
mizë	fly
mizëri	throng
mizor	CRUEL
mizore	cruel
mizorë	cruel
Mizpah	Mizpah
mizraim	mizraim
Mizzahu	Mizzah
Mizzahut	Mizzahut
mjaft	enough
mjaftohej	it was enough
mjaftohemi	suffice
mjaftojë	suffice
mjaftojnë	enough
mjafton	SIMPLY
mjaftonin	enough
mjaftonte	suffice
mjaftuar	enough
mjaftueshëm	FAIRLY
mjaftueshme	enough
mjaknjënë	the doctor
mjaltë	honey
mjalti	honey
mjaltin	honey
mjaltit	honey
mjati	hundreds
mjediset	FACILITIES
mjedisi	eNviroNmeNt
mjegull	fog
mjegulla	FOG
mjegulle	fog
mjegullë	fog
mjegullinë	haze time
mjek	doctor
mjekë	DOCTORS
mjekër	beard
mjekërr	beard
mjekës	doctor
mjekësi	medicine
mjekësisë	medicine
mjekësit	Mjekes
mjekët	PHYSICIAN
mjekëve	doctors
mjekim	treatment
mjekojë	treat
mjekojnë	treat
mjekra	beard
mjekrat	beards
mjekrën	beard
mjekrënë	beard
mjekrës	beard
mjekroshe	bearded man
mjekrrën	beard
mjeku	doctor
mjekuar	treat
mjekun	doctor
mjellmën	swan
mjer	me
mjera	measure
mjeran	miserable
mjerane	misery
mjeranëve	needy
mjerat	more
mjerë	Woe
mjerët	Woe
mjerëve	sighing
mjergull	foggy
mjergulla	mists
mjergullë	haze
mjeri	measure
mjerim	misery
mjerime	misery
mjerimet	miseries
mjerimeve	miseries
mjerimi	misery
mjerimin	Hardship
mjerimit	misery
mjerin	mjerin
Mjerisht	SADLY
mjerit	measure
mjertë	miserable
mjeruar	wretched
mjeruara	vulnerable
mjeshtër	master
mjeshtëri	SKILL
mjeshtëria	Artistry
mjeshtërie	artistry
mjeshtrat	the masters
mjeshtre	mistress
mjeshtrëtë	masters
mjeshtri	master
mjeshtria	mastery
mjeshtrit	Master
mjet	tool
mjete	TOOL
mjetet	tools
mjeteve	MEANS
mjeti	MEANS
mna	me
mnaja	you are coming
mnanë	mother
mnara	tower
Mnason	Mnason
Mnasonë	Mnasonë
Mnasoni	Mnasoni
mnatë	mnat
mnimoret	mnimoret
Moab	Moab
Moabësë	Moab
Moabi	Moab
Moabin	Moab
Moabinë	Moab
Moabit	Moabit
moabite	Moabite
moabitë	Moabite
moabiten	Moabites
moabitësh	Moab
moabitët	Moab
Moabitëtë	The Moabites
moabitëve	Moab
moabiti	Moabites
moabitja	Moabite
Moadiahut	Moadiah
Moav	Moav
Moavi	Moavi
Moavit	He moved.
Moavitëvet	The Moabites
mobilieve	furniture
mobilizojë	mobilize
mobiluar	furnished
moçale	fens
moçalet	marshes
moçali	The swamp
moçalit	marsh
moçet	Moce
moçim	old age
moçime	old age
moçimit	sweating
moçimitë	the mochimis
moçme	Vintage
moçmit	ancients
modelin	the model
modelit	MODEL
modelohen	MOLDED
modeloi	model
modeluar	modeled
modesti	modest
modh	method
Mofi	Former
mohim	DISCLAIMER
mohimi	DENIAL
mohimin	denial
mohimit	DENYING
moho	together
mohofshim	mohofshim
mohohet	DENIAL
mohoi	denied
mohoj	disown
mohojë	disown
mohojënë	deny
mohojmë	deny
mohojnë	deny
mohojsh	my name is
mohon	please
mohoni	deny
mohonj	mohonj
mohonjç	mohonjç
mohonte	disavow
mohosh	deny
mohova	moss
mohove	mohove
mohua	denied
mohuan	denied
mohuar	denied
mohuat	mohuat
mohuem	I can
mohuenë	denied
mohues	negative
mohuetë	disbelievers
mohumë	we deny
Moisenë	Moses
Moiseu	Moiseu
Moiseut	Moisture
Moisi	Moses
Moisinë	into Moses
Moisiu	MOSES
Moisiun	Moses
Moisiut	MOSES
mojin	mojin
mojit	to wash
Mojsinë	Moses
Mojsiu	Moses
Mojsiut	Moses
mokër	millstone
mokërë	millet
mokrat	mokrat
mokre	wet
mokrën	hand mill
mokrënë	wheat-eater
mokrës	mill
mokrrat	wet
mola	lord
Moladah	Moladah
Moladahu	Moladahu
Moladahun	Moladahun
mole	mole
Molekun	Molekun
Molekut	Moloch
moleps	moleps
molepsa	polluted
molepsën	defiled her
molepsenë	molestina
molepsetë	molested
molepsnë	molesna
molepsur	defiled
molepsurë	molestation
molepsurënë	moles
moli	light
molia	charge
Molidin	Molidin
molit	pray
molla	mullah
mollaqet	buttocks
mollë	apple
mollën	apple
mollët	apples
mollëve	apples
mollirit	softens
Mollohut	Mollochut
molloiçim	molloic
molloin	molloin
molloinë	moloin
mollois	mollois
molloisa	molloise
molloisë	mollois
molloisjë	please
molloisjëmë	let's go
molloisjënë	moloisjena
molloisnë	molloisne
molloji	molly
mollojiç	mollojic
mollojis	mollusks
mollojise	mollusc
mollojisë	molloy
mollojisjë	give up
mollojisjënë	give up
Molohut	Molohut
Molokuishte	Molokuishte
Molokut	Moloch
moment	moment
momentet	MILESTONES
momenti	moments
momentin	moment
monë	for- ever
monedha	coins
monedhash	coin
monedhat	COINS
monedhave	CURRENCY
monedhë	coin
monedhën	currency
monedhës	CURRENCy
monetën	the coin
monopatet	monopath
monument	monument
monumentat	monumented
monumentet	the monument
monumenti	monuments
monumentit	The monument
mor	tender
mora	sea
moral	moral
morale	morale
Morali	Morals
moralizuese	preachy
morashtiti	to be afraid
morashtitit	morashtit
morçëmit	the morceaux
more	more
morè	brown
Morehut	Morehut
morëm	RECEIVED
morën	Moree
Moresheth	Moresheth
morët	received
mori	mori
moria	moria
Moriah	Moriah
moriahëve	Moriah
Moriahut	Moriah
morie	deaths
morinë	Morine
morisë	the multitude
moritë	Morita
morr	bitter
mort	dead
mortëjesë	death
morti	dead
mortia	deaths
mortienë	mortuary
mortinë	mortuary
mortit	Morti
mortja	Mort
mortnë	mortuary
mortore	REMAINS
mortshim	mortshim
mortshimeja	mortshimeja
mortshiminë	death
mortshimvet	mortshimvet
mos	not
mosbensikërisë	transgression which he committed
mosbesim	distrust
mosbesimi	distrust
mosbesimin	distrust
mosbesimit	IRRELIGION
mosbesnikëri	disaffection
mosbesnikërisë	transgression
mosbesues	unbeliever
mosbesuese	distrust
mosbindja	disobedience
mosbindje	disobedience
mosbindjes	Contempt
mosdashurën	the unloved
mosdija	ignorance
mosdije	ignorance
mosdijturë	ignorant
Mosera	Mosera
Moserahut	Moserah
mosgjë	nothing
mosha	: Age:
moshatarët	PEERS
moshë	age
moshën	age
moshës	aGE
moshësë	age
moshuar	ELDERLY
moshuara	OLD
moshuarat	elderly
moshuari	elderly
moshuarin	elderly
moshuarit	ELDERLY
moshuarve	ELDER
Mosinë	Weather
Mosiu	I am tired.
Mosiut	Mosiut
moskalbje	Muscovite
moskalbjen	muslim
mosmarrëveshja	disagreement
mosmarrëveshje	DISPUTES
mosmarrëveshjeje	CONFLICT
mosmarrëveshjet	disagreements
mosmiratimin	disapproval
mosmirënjohës	ingrate
mosmirënjohësit	unthankful
mosnënshtrim	nonconformity
mospajtim	disagreement
mospajtimi	INCONGRUITY
mospërfillës	indifferent
mospërmbajtjes	incontinence
mosprishjen	imperishable
mot	against
motak	types
motake	reason
motakë	yearling
mote	mote
motëmot	weather
motër	sister
motëra	car
motërat	sister
motëratë	sister
motërë	sister
motërën	sister
motërënë	sister
motërës	sister
motërësë	sister
motesh	motesh
motet	courage
motetë	motet
motevet	fashion
moti	moti
motin	weather
motinë	motina
motit	WEATHER
motivacionin	motivation
motive	motive
motnë	weather
motr	motr
motra	sister
motrat	SISTERS
motratë	sisters
motrave	sisters
motrë	motorcycle
motrëgore	motrëgore
motrëgoret	sisters
motrën	sister
motrënë	sister
motrës	sister
motrësë	sister
Motsa	Move
Motsahu	Motsahu
Motsan	Village
Motsas	Motsas
motsh	new
motshim	motshim
Mozeroth	Mozeroth
Mozerothi	Mozerothi
mpak	mpak
mpakej	mpakej
mpaken	pack
mpakën	melted because
mpaket	package
mpakur	pakkur
mpçeletë	scumbag
mpëshef	scold
mpëshefa	barber
mpëshefëtat	the veil
mpëshefetë	blanket
mpëshefëtë	blanket
mpëshefi	the chief
mpëshefnë	I swear
mpëshefta	veil
mpësheftat	the half-sheep
mpësheftavet	the veils
mpësheftë	thank you
mpëshefti	the half-sister
mpësheftinë	half-week
mpësheftit	the chieftains
mpëshefun	speaker
mpëshefunavet	the chiefs
mpëshefunë	scolded
mpëshefunit	you are a winner
mpëshife	fluff
mpëshifenë	suffocation
mpëshifetë	fluffy
mpëshifni	whisper
mpëshijë	sleep
mpëshimë	half-hearted
mpëshinte	was sleeping
mpëshiu	sleep
mpeshon	mpeshon
mpështetëja	the defeat
mpështetëje	support
mpështetunë	defeated
mpështetunit	to be defeated
mpështiellë	tangled
mpështiellun	they entangle
mpështilletë	tangled
mpështolle	wrap up
mpështolli	tangled
mpështuell	scythe
mpështuellnë	in vain
mpështull	tangle
mpështyjinë	the slap
mpështymë	spit
mpihen	listener
mpihet	audience
mpiksur	coagulated
mpirë	numb
mpitë	numb
mpiu	wicked
mplakeç	mplakeç
mplaketë	plaque
mplata	mplata
mplatë	wide
mposht	defeat
mposhte	beat
mposhtë	DEFEAT
mposhten	are defeated
mposhtën	beat
mposhteni	defeated
mposhteshin	intimidated
mposhti	beat
mposhtim	overcome
mposhtin	beat
Mposhtja	Defeat
mposhtni	overcome
mposhtur	CONQUERING
mpreh	grind
mprehë	whet
mprehet	mprehet
mprehin	teacher
mprehje	sharpening
Mprehni	Mprehni
mprehta	SHARP
mprehtë	witty
mprehur	KNIFE
mprehura	sharpened
mpshef	mpshef
mpshefa	razor
mpshefas	mpshefas
mpshefe	chef
mpshefënisë	secret
mpshefësinat	the secrets
mpshefësinavet	the secretaries
mpshefësinë	the secret
mpshefësinën	the half-face
mpshefësinënë	half-face
mpshefësinësë	half-face
mpshefësinët	the half-face
mpshefët	bosses
mpshefëtat	the secretaries
mpshefëtë	the head
mpshefi	mpshefi
mpshefinë	the boss
mpshefnë	secret
mpshefsinën	the secret
mpshefta	mpshefta
mpsheftat	mpsheftat
mpshefunë	secret
mpsheh	mpsheh
mpsheha	funny
mpshehë	sly
mpshehëta	flat
mpshehëtatë	slanderer
mpshehëtavet	the mountains
mpshehëtë	plain
mpshehur	mpshehur
mpshiellëjesë	sleepyhead
mpshif	mpshif
mpshifetë	pillows
mpshihenë	sleep
mpshimë	scolding
mpshin	mpshin
mpshonjënë	morning
mpshtellëjesë	interweaving
mpshteta	mpshteta
mpshteteja	mpshtetja
mpshtetëja	the citizen
mpshtetëje	support
mpshtetëjen	support
mpshtetëjenë	support
mpshtetem	I support you.
mpshtetenë	citizen
mpshtetetë	second-class
mpshteti	support
mpshtettë	support
mpshtetunë	support
mpshtiellë	spindle
mpshtiellëje	spindle
mpshtiellëjes	the swindler
mpshtiellurë	tangled
mpshtilletë	thorn
mpshtolle	mpshtolle
mpshtuell	mpshtuell
mpshtynjë	whip
mpso	heart
mpsoç	follow
mpsoe	mpsoe
mpsoi	mpsoi
mpsoj	mps
mpsojë	to finish
mpsojënë	the end
mpson	mpson
mpsonenë	mpsonene
mpsoni	mpson
mpsonie	mpson
mpsonj	mpsonj
mpsova	mpsova
mpsove	viper
mpsua	mpsua
mpsuaçë	pathogens
mpsuanë	they are hungry
mpsuarë	patients
mpsuarit	it is necessary
mpsuatë	infected
mrekulleshme	magnificient
mrekulli	Miracles
mrekullia	miracle
mrekullie	miracle
mrekullinë	miracle
mrekullira	miracle
mrekullisë	miracle
mrekullish	wonders
mrekullisht	wonderfully
mrekullitë	wonders
mrekullive	MIRACLES
mrekullo	Marvel
mrekullohej	delighted
mrekullohen	marvel
mrekulloheni	marvel
mrekulloheshin	wondered
mrekullohuni	and wonder
mrekulloni	marvel
mrekullua	marveled
mrekulluan	marveled
mrekulluar	fascinated
mrekullueshëm	great
mrekullueshme	HOT
mshefunë	secret
Mt	Mt
mu	in
mua	first
muaet	muet
muaj	yes
muajet	muajet
muaji	MONTH
muajin	MONTH
muajit	MONTH
muajsh	MONTHS
muajt	months
muajtë	the months
muajve	months
muajvet	months
muar	Muar
muarë	Muar
muarëm	we are
muarm	muarm
muarnë	taken
muarr	taken
muarrë	murray
muarrm	good morning
muarrtë	taken
muartë	dead
mue	moult
muei	muei
muej	month
muejin	muejin
muejsh	months
muer	tomorrow
muerëm	we got
muerm	muerm
muern	died
muernë	muerne
muerrnë	in the morning
muertë	dead
mufsh	mufsh
mufshinë	muff
mufta	clutch
mufte	couplings
muftëm	we were
muftët	clutches
mufti	mufti
muftnë	mufti
muftunë	mufti
mugëtirë	twilight
mugullojë	sprout
mugullojnë	sprout
mugullon	mugullon
muhojë	refuse
muhuem	muhuem
mujor	monthly
mullarë	Huge mounds
mulli	bubble
mullinë	the mill
mullini	mill
mulliri	milling
mullirit	mill
mulliut	mulliut
mulqe	deprived
mumqim	mummy
mun	will
munç	munc
mund	can
munda	garden
mundç	world
mundça	Mundcha
mundçinë	fight
munde	mouth
mundë	beat
mundeç	able
mundei	world
mundej	could
mundëje	you can
mundëjënë	they can
mundëjet	wrestling
mundem	ABLE
mundëm	could
mundemi	can
munden	the mouth
mundën	could
Mundena	Mundena
mundenë	could
mundeni	YOU CAN
mundës	wrestler
mundesh	CAN
mundësh	mayest
mundesha	I could
mundeshë	I could
mundëshi	possibility
mundeshim	we could
mundeshimë	possible
mundëshime	opportunities
mundeshinë	they could
mundeshitë	you can
mundësi	OPPORTUNITIES
mundësia	poTenTial
mundësinë	opportunity
mundësisë	possibility
mundësisht	possibly
mundësitë	OppORTuNiTy
mundësive	opportunities
mundet	can
mundët	overcome
mundete	mundëte
mundetë	you can
mundi	would
mundie	you are welcome
mundiesë	troublemaker
mundiet	encourage
mundievet	mouthwash
mundim	effort
mundime	effort
mundimë	effort
mundimesh	torment
mundimet	Passion
mundimetë	hardships
mundimeve	passion
mundimevet	the hardships
mundimi	effort
mundimin	Tribulation
mundiminë	the torment
mundimit	Tribulation
mundimn	trouble
mundimnë	trouble
mundimshme	laborious
mundimt	hard work
mundin	beat
mundinë	the struggle
mundish	clean
mundit	beat
mundja	wrestling
mundje	wrestling
mundjë	fight
mundjëm	we beat
mundjëmë	beat me
mundjënë	can
mundjes	wrestling
mundjëtë	you can
mundm	mundm
mundnë	can
mundni	beat
mundnin	they could
mundo	world
mundoç	laborious
mundofsh	try hard
mundohe	try
mundohei	try
mundohej	tried
mundohem	try
mundohemi	try
mundohen	try
mundohenë	they try
mundoheshin	tried
mundoheshinë	they were trying
mundohet	tries
mundohetë	to strive
mundohi	try
mundohu	Try
mundoi	world
mundoijnë	they are struggling
mundoishinë	they were struggling
mundoj	wrack
mundojë	afflict
mundojën	torment
mundojënë	torment
mundojnë	afflict
mundojsh	try
mundon	Mundo
mundoneç	laborer
mundonej	I was trying.
mundonejnë	they try
mundonem	the world
mundonemi	we strive
mundonenë	they are struggling
mundoneshinë	hardship
mundonet	struggles
mundonetë	laborious
mundoni	try
mundonin	afflicted
mundoninë	hardship
mundonishnë	we are struggling
mundonj	I struggle.
mundonjë	torment
mundonjënë	struggling
mundonte	scourge
mundosh	mundosh
mundou	changed
mundova	tried
mundove	tried
mundshme	pOSSIBLE
mundt	mouth
mundte	could
mundua	world
munduaçë	laborers
munduam	tried
munduan	in the world
munduanë	we struggled
munduar	Wronged
munduarë	laborious
munduarve	afflicted
munduashë	I tried.
munduat	I am the world.
mundue	Mundu
munduem	we struggled
munduen	worlds
munduenë	tormented
mundueshë	laborer
mundumë	we tried
mundun	Mundu
mundunë	we could
mundur	Defeat
mundurë	Defeat
munduritë	efforts
mungesa	ABSENCE
mungese	ABSENCE
mungesë	ABSENCE
mungesën	LACK
mungesës	ABSENCE
mungoftë	lacking
mungoi	missed
mungojë	absent
mungojnë	missing
mungon	MISSING
mungonin	missing
mungonte	MISSING
munguar	absent
munojsh	munojsh
munt	will
munte	mountain
muntimi	in the morning
muntmë	moon
muntnë	moon
muntni	muntni
muntnjë	moon
muntnjënë	tomorrow
muntshime	I'm sorry
munttë	muntë
Mupimi	Surveyor
Muppimi	Muppimi
mur	wall
muratorë	masons
muratorëve	bricklayers
mure	worry
murë	walls
muresh	Mures
muret	worry
muretë	walls
mureve	walls
murevet	walls
muri	behind
murin	wall
murinë	murine
murishtash	murishtash
murishtat	the walls
murit	DIED
murizatë	wall
Murmunjarë	Murmurs
murmunjatorë	murmurers
murmur	murmur
murmurim	murmur
murmurime	rumors
murmurimë	babble
murmurimet	murmurs
murmurimetë	murmurs
murmurisin	I would murmur
murmurisinë	murmur
murmurisnë	murmur
murmurisni	murmur
murmurisnin	murmurisnin
murmurisnjënë	murmur
murmuriste	murmur
murmurisurit	murmurs
murmurit	murmurs
murmuritën	murmured
murmuritës	murmurous
murmuritësit	the murmurers
murmuritët	the murmurers
murmuriti	murmured
murmuritin	chirp
murmuritje	mumble
murmuritjet	mumble
murmuritnin	murmuritnin
murmuritur	murmurs
murmurojën	they murmured
murmurojinë	murmur
murmurojshinë	grumble
murmuroni	to murmur
murmuronte	murmuronte
murmuruatë	murmur
murmuruenë	murmured
murnë	wall
murriza	little girl
murrizash	murrizash
murrizat	murrizat
murrizavet	murrizavet
murrnë	in the morning
murt	brick
murtaja	PLAGUE
murtaje	plague
murtajë	pestilence
murtajën	pestilence
murtajëra	plague
murtajës	plague
murtajësë	plague
murtajet	plagues
murvet	bricked
mushavere	good morning
mushaveré	you are welcome
Mushi	Mushi
Mushit	Mushit
mushitëve	Mu'shites
mushka	mules
mushkajënë	the mule
mushkat	mule
mushke	mushke
mushkë	mule
mushkën	mule
mushkonja	mosquito
mushkonjash	gnats
mushkonjat	mosquitoes
mushkonjën	gnat
mushkurinë	the lungs
mushqerë	lung
mushqerrë	lung
mushqerrën	the lung
mushqerrënë	lungs
mushqerrësë	lungs
musht	fist
mushti	fist
mushtin	wine
mushtit	new wine
musikorësh	musicians
musikovet	music lover
musiqisë	music
muskujt	muscles
Muth	Muth
mutin	mutineer
muzat	muses
muzg	twilight
muzgu	twilight
muzgun	twilight
muzgut	twilight
muzikant	musician
muzikantët	musicians
muzikantëve	musicians
muzikanti	musicians
muzikë	music
muzikën	music
muzikore	MUSICAL
mynxyra	mynxyra
mynxyrë	mynxyrë
myrre	myrre
myrrë	myrrh
myrtënë	myrtle
mysët	convex
Mysi	Mystique
Mysinë	Mysia
myster	myster
mysteri	mysteri
mysterin	mystery
mysterinë	mystery
mʼu	mu
n	n
na	that
Naama	Face
Naamaha	Naamah
Naamahu	Naamahu
Naaman	Naaman
Naamani	Naaman
Naamanin	Naaman
Naamanit	Naamans
Naamathi	Naamathi
Naami	Naomi
naamitëve	Naamites
Naarah	Naarah
Naaraha	Naaraha
Naarahën	Naarahen
Naarahës	Naarah
Naarai	Naarai
Naarani	Naryan
Naashonit	Naashonit
Naasonë	Naasonë
Naasoni	Naasoni
Naasonit	Naasonit
Naassoni	Naassoni
Naassonit	Naassonit
Nabal	naval
Nabali	broken
Nabalin	It was possible
Nabalit	turned
Nabashi	Nabashi
Nabateas	Nabataeans
Nabatit	Welcome
Nabothi	Naboth
Nabothin	Nabothin
Nabothit	Nabothit
Nadabi	Touched
Nadabin	Appointment
Nadabinë	Nadab
Nadabit	Received
nadie	nobody
nafatrëtë	oil
nafishëve	Nephish
Nafishi	Nafishi
Naftali	Naphtali
Naftalin	Naphthalene
Naftalinë	Naphtali
Naftalit	Naphtali
Naftaliu	Naftali
Naftaliut	Naphtaliut
Nafthuhimëtë	Oilfields
naftuhimët	Naphtuh
Nagahu	I know.
Nagait	Nagait
Naggait	Naggait
Nagjeut	Nagyeu
Nahalalin	Learned
Nahale	For the skin
Nahalolit	It's been a while.
Nahamanin	Ready
Nahamit	Nahamit
Nahaniel	Nahaniel
Nahanieli	Nahaniel
Naharai	Naharai
Naharaimit	Naharaimit
Nahash	Nahash
Nahashi	Nahashi
Nahashit	Nahashit
Nahashonit	Nahashonite
Nahath	Nahath
Nahathi	Nahathi
Nahathit	Nahathit
Nahbi	Nahbi
nahia	desire
nahiet	I want
nahije	districts
nahijen	nahiye
nahijenë	district
nahijesë	district
Nahor	Up
Nahori	Nahor
Nahorit	Nahorit
Nahshoni	Nahshoni
Nahshonit	Nahshonit
Nahumit	Nahumita
Nain	Nain
naivë	naive
naivët	heedless
naivin	most naive
Najoth	Naioth
Najothi	Naioth
nakatos	Nakato
nakatose	nakatose
nakatosej	to be infected
nakatosenë	Nakatosene
nakatoseni	you are sick
nakatosetë	nakatosete
nakatoshiar	nakatoshiar
nakatosi	nakatoshi
nakatosí	nakatosí
nakatosia	the disease
nakatosira	nakatosira
nakatosjënë	someone
nakatosnë	in some places
nakatosurë	nakatosura
nakatosurit	the infected
Nakonit	threshingfloor
Nakorit	Nakorit
nalt	Naltë
nalta	Naltë
naltash	high
naltat	highs
naltatë	high
naltë	high
naltësina	altitude
naltësinë	height
naltësinës	altitude
naltët	high
naltëtë	high
naltëvet	the high ones
nalti	highest figure
naltin	high
Naltinë	Naltina
naltit	highest figure
nalto	climb
naltofshinë	high school
naltoftë	high altitude
naltohenë	they rise
naltohi	high altitude
naltohu	get angry
naltoi	rose
naltoimë	we are happy
naltojë	to climb
naltojënë	the highlander
nalton	nalton
naltoni	nalton
naltova	I got up.
naltove	naltove
naltue	rise
naltuem	we are proud
naltuemitë	the naltuemis
nam	renown
Namani	Naman
namë	name
nami	fame
namin	name
namit	renown
nand	nand
nandatë	daily
nandë	nanda
nandën	nanda
nandëtë	nanda
nanti	nanti
nanttën	nannet
nao	no
naoi	Naoi
naoit	Naoit
Naomi	Naomi
Naomin	Naomi
Naomit	Naomi
naon	Naona
naonë	we are
naora	morning
nap	nap
napatë	napa
napë	cheesecloth
napënë	nap
napi	nap
napinë	napkin
napish	napish
Narcisit	Narcissus
nard	spikenard
narde	Narda
Nardho	Nardo
nardi	spikenard
nardo	nard
Narkisit	Narcissus
Narkissit	Narcissus
Narqisoit	Narcissus
Nashoni	Nahshon
nasihat	advice
nasihatit	naseehah
nat	night
nata	NIGHT
Natamit	Natamit
Natan	by night
Natanaeli	Nathanael
Natanaelin	Nathanael
Natanit	Nathan
nate	night
natë	night
natën	night
natenë	at night
natënë	at night
natës	night
natesë	night
natësë	night
natët	The nights
Nathan	Nathan
Nathanaeli	Nathanael
Nathanaelin	Nathanael
Nathanaelinë	Nathanael
Nathanaili	Nathaniel
Nathanailnë	Nathanael
Nathaneelit	Nethanel
Nathani	Nathan
Nathanin	Nathan
Nathanit	Nathan
natie	nature
natiet	nature
natyra	nature
natyrale	naturally
natyre	nature
natyrë	nature
natyrën	nature
natyrës	nature
natyrësë	nature
natyrëshim	naturalized
natyret	natures
natyror	natural
natyrore	natural
natyrori	the natural
natyrshime	naturalness
natyrshme	naturally
Naumit	Nahum
navet	nave
Naviut	Navi
navkliroi	I sailed.
Nazareas	Nazareth
nazarenas	Nazareth
nazarenasi	Nazarene
nazarenasin	Nazarene
nazarenasve	Nazarenes
Nazareo	Nazarene
Nazaret	Nazareth
nazaretas	Nazarene
nazaretasve	Nazarenes
Nazaretënë	Nazareth
Nazareti	Nazareth
Nazaretin	Nazareth
Nazaretit	Nazareth
Nazareut	Nazarene
Nazarinas	Nazarenes
Nazarinasinë	Nazarene
Nazarino	Nazarino
Nazarinoi	Nazarene
Nazarinoit	Nazarenes
Nazarinonë	Nazarenes
Nazarinovet	The Nazarenes
Nazariot	Nazarite
nazire	Nazirite
nazireati	separation
nazireatit	Nazarite
nazirenj	Nazirites
nazirenjtë	Nazirites
nazireoqë	Nazirite
nazireu	Nazarite
nazireun	Nazarite
nazireut	Nazarite
Nazoreas	Nazorean
Nazoreasavet	The Nazarenes
Nazoreasi	Nazorean
Nazoreasinë	Nazoreasia
Nazoreasit	The Nazarenes
Nazoreonë	Nazarenes
Nazoreu	Nazorean
Nazoreua	Nazorewa
Nazoreut	Nazorean
nbë	NBE
nbrapa	back
nbrapëna	behind
nburonja	source
nd	nd
nda	divided
ndafça	part
ndafshin	divide
ndaftë	depart
ndahej	divided
ndahejnë	separate
ndahem	farewell
ndahemi	depart
ndahen	DIVIDED
ndahenë	separate
ndaheni	divide
ndahesh	Jiwa
ndaheshin	divided
ndahet	BROKEN
ndahetë	separate
Ndahu	Separate yourself
ndahuni	Split
ndai	share
ndaijnë	share
ndaj	THEir
ndaja	on
ndaje	divide
ndajë	APART
ndajëmë	share
ndajënë	shared
ndajeni	share it
ndajini	Divide
ndajmë	share
ndajnë	share
ndajsh	share
ndajtinë	half
ndajtitë	twenty-one
ndajturë	divided
ndajua	shared
ndal	STOP
ndala	stopped
ndale	stop
ndalë	Stopped
ndalej	stopped
ndalem	stop
ndalëm	stopped
ndalen	stop
ndalën	firm
ndaleni	stop
ndalese	stop
ndaleshin	they stopped
ndalet	HALTED
ndalët	stood under
ndali	stopped
ndalim	DENETION
ndalimi	prohibition
ndalin	stop
ndalinë	the stop
ndalnë	stop
ndalni	Restrain
ndalohet	prohibited
ndaloi	stopped
ndalojë	prohibit
ndalojnë	STOP
ndalon	stops
ndaloni	stop
ndalonin	STOP
ndalonte	stop
ndalova	stopped
ndalshim	stop
ndalte	stopped
ndalu	stop
ndaluam	stopped
ndaluan	stopped
ndaluar	banned
ndalun	stop
ndalunë	stopped
ndaluni	Stand
ndalur	halt
Ndama	We shared
ndamë	divided
ndan	'RE ONLY
ndanë	AWARDED
ndani	SHARE
ndanie	divide
ndanin	sharing
ndaninë	share
ndanj	share
ndanjç	share
ndanjë	separation
ndanjën	the separation
ndanjënë	separation
ndante	separated
ndantë	separate
ndara	SEPARATE
ndarë	divided
ndarëje	separation
ndarës	separator
ndarëse	PARTITION
ndarëset	walls
ndarët	Division also entails
ndarit	Ndari
ndarja	Separated
ndarje	division
ndarjeje	division
ndarjen	the division
ndarjes	sharing
ndarjet	divisions
ndarjeve	division
ndash	divide
ndashti	separated
ndashtime	separations
ndasi	divisions
ndasitë	divisions
ndau	DIVIDED
ndava	I broke
ndave	you let
nde	night
ndë	In Hell,
ndëgjim	CONSULTATIONS
ndëgjimi	listening
ndëgjimin	the hearing
ndëgjiminë	hearing
ndëgjimit	listening
ndëgjo	listen
ndëgjofshi	listen
ndëgjoft	listen
ndëgjoftë	listen
ndëgjohetë	heard
ndëgjoi	heard a
ndëgjoimë	we heard
ndëgjoishiem	we heard
ndëgjoj	I hear
ndëgjoja	Listen
ndëgjojë	hear
ndëgjojën	they heard
ndëgjojënë	listening
ndëgjojin	listen
ndëgjojinë	hearing
ndëgjojitë	listen
ndëgjojm	hear some
ndëgjojmë	HEAR
ndëgjojn	hear
ndëgjojnë	listen to
ndëgjojsh	listen
ndëgjojshinë	hearing
ndëgjomë	listen
ndëgjon	hears
ndëgjoni	Listen to
ndëgjoniu	listen
ndëgjonte	listened
ndëgjova	I heard
ndëgjove	you heard
ndëgju	heard of
ndëgjue	ndegju
ndëgjuem	heard
ndëgjuemeja	I heard it.
ndëgjuemesë	listener
ndëgjuemit	listeners
ndëgjuemitë	hearings
ndëgjuen	heard
ndëgjuenë	heard
ndëgjuënë	heard
ndëgjueshim	we were listening
ndëgjueshimesë	audibility
ndëgjuet	listen
ndëgjuetë	hearsay
ndëgjum	listen
ndëgjumë	sleepy
ndëgjunë	heard
ndëgjutë	listen
ndëhem	I hear
ndehet	is found
ndehetë	meet
ndehin	they meet
ndehur	strained
ndeitëje	you were born
ndeitëjet	the holidays
ndeitëm	we met
ndeiti	he/she/it
ndeitia	the event
ndeitnë	night
ndeitunë	we are going
ndej	strain
Ndëj	I feel
ndëje	feel
ndëjeç	feeling
ndëjefi	feeling
ndëjefshi	feel
ndëjeftë	feel
ndëjehenë	feel
ndëjehet	feels
ndëjehetë	feels
ndëjei	feel
ndëjeishe	emotional
ndëjej	feel
ndëjejë	feel
ndëjejënë	feeling
ndejëm	we met
Ndëjemë	We feel.
Ndëjemëni	Feel it.
ndëjen	feels
ndëjenenë	feel
ndëjeneni	feel it
ndëjenetë	feelings
ndëjeni	feel it
ndëjes	feeling
ndëjesa	feeling
ndëjesë	feeling
ndëjesën	the feeling
ndëjesës	feelings
ndëjesësë	feeling
ndëjeu	felt
ndëjeva	I felt
ndëjieçë	sensory
ndëjienë	feeling
ndëjierë	feelings
ndëjierit	feelings
ndejnë	they sit
ndëjnë	feel
ndejta	I stood
Ndejte	Feel
ndejtë	I stood
ndëjtë	I stood
ndejti	stayed
ndejtia	stay
ndejtie	stay
ndejtien	stay
ndejtienë	stay
ndejtiesë	accommodation
ndejtiet	the holidays
ndejtinë	the stay
ndejtnë	stay
ndejtur	tarried
ndejturë	sitting
ndëjturë	feeling
ndejturinë	the stay
ndejturit	the rest
ndëjye	feel
ndëjyem	I felt
ndëjyenë	feel
ndëjymë	feeling
ndek	follow
ndële	stop
ndëlefi	slang
ndëlefsh	leaf
ndëleftë	let's go
ndëlehenë	interlude
ndëlej	stop
ndëlejë	stop
ndëlejemë	let's stop
ndëlemë	we will stop
ndëlen	stop
ndëlena	stop
ndëlenj	stop
ndëlenjç	stop
ndëlenjë	stopover
ndëles	stop
ndëlesë	stop
ndëlesësë	interjection
ndëlierë	stop
ndëllye	tangerine
nden	laying out
ndën	accomplishments were achieved under
ndënë	vent
ndënëkambien	exchange
ndënëkëmbëja	underfoot
ndeni	sit
ndeninë	the living room
ndenj	stay
Ndënj	Feel
ndenja	vent
ndënja	feeling
ndenjam	stay
ndenjç	seat
ndenje	Family
ndenjë	living
ndënjëjë	seat
ndenjëke	seat
ndënjëkej	was sitting
ndenjëm	We sat
ndënjëm	we felt
ndenjëmes	seat
ndenjën	stayed
ndenjënë	seat
ndenjëse	seat
ndenjësen	seat
ndenjëset	seats
ndenjësja	seat
ndenji	abode
ndënji	stayed behind
ndenjnë	they sit
ndenjsh	sit
ndenjshinë	seating
Ndenjta	Nights
ndënjta	I felt
ndenjte	sat
ndenjtë	sat
ndënjte	felt
ndenjtëm	we sat
ndenjti	sat
ndënjti	felt
ndënjtinë	the same
Ndenjtnë	Saturday
ndënjttë	same
ndënjturat	the seats
ndenjturë	stale
ndënjturë	sitting
ndënjturit	the ones who are feeling
ndenjun	you are sitting
ndenjuna	we sat down
ndenjunat	the seats
ndenjunë	they sat
ndenjunit	you stayed
ndenjunitë	the stays
ndenjunuë	stayed
ndenjur	stagnant
ndenjura	rear
ndënjurat	the feelings
ndenjuravet	sitting
ndënjuravet	the senses
ndenjurë	sitting
ndënjurë	under
ndenjurit	sitting
ndënjurit	ndenjurit
ndenjuritë	stays
ndënjuritë	feelings
ndëpër	between
ndëpërmes	through
nder	honor
ndër	INTER
ndërç	between
nderçim	construction
nderçime	constructions
nderçme	construction
nderçura	interwoven
nderçurat	the interlacing
nderçuratë	interlaced
nderçurë	interwoven
ndërçurë	intertwined
nderçurit	the interlopers
ndërdyshas	perplexed
ndere	honors
nderë	honor
nderëshim	honor
nderëshime	honors
nderëshimetë	honors
nderëshimi	honor
nderëshiminë	honor
nderëshimish	sincerely
nderëshimit	honor
nderet	honor
nderetë	honor
nderëtë	honor
ndërgjegje	conscience
ndërgjegjëja	the consciousness
ndërgjegjeje	conscience
ndërgjegjëje	conscience
ndërgjegjëjen	conscience
ndërgjegjëjenë	your conscience
ndërgjegjëjesë	conscience
ndërgjegjëjet	consciences
ndërgjegjen	CONSCIENCE
ndërgjegjes	Conscience
ndërgjegjet	consciences
ndërgjegjie	conscience
ndërgjegjiesë	conscience
ndërgjegjiet	consciences
ndërgjegjja	CONSCIENCE
ndërgjegjshëm	CONSCIOUS
ndërgjegjshme	consciously
ndërhy	pray
ndërhyj	intrude
ndërhyjë	interfere
ndërhyjnë	interfere
ndërhyn	intervenes
ndërhynë	intervened
Ndërhyni	entreat
ndërhynte	intercessor
ndërhyrë	WAITED
ndërhyri	intervened
ndërhyrje	INTERFERENCE
ndërhyrjen	intervention
nderi	HONORARY
ndëri	between
nderia	honor
nderie	honor
nderim	TRIBUTE
nderime	laurels
nderimi	HONORING
nderimin	honor
nderimit	Adorning
nderin	honor
nderinë	honor
nderit	honor
ndërjëmë	let's change
ndërkaq	meanwhile
ndërkohë	WHEREAS
ndërlikuara	COMPLICATED
ndërmarra	TAKEN
ndërmarrë	TAKE
ndërmarrjet	COMPANIES
ndërmend	intend
ndërmes	between the leasing
ndërmest	in between
ndërmiet	construction
ndërmietës	contractor
ndërmjet	between
ndërmjetës	mediator
ndërmjetësi	intercession
ndërmjetësime	mediations
ndërmjetësinë	Intermediation
ndërmjetësit	INTERMEDIARIES
ndërmjetësojë	MEDIATION
ndërmjetëson	mediates
ndërmjetësuar	brokered
ndërmjetme	MEDIATION
ndërmorën	took
ndërmori	undertook
ndern	honor
ndero	Honor
nderoç	substitute
nderoftë	may it be honored
nderohem	honor
nderohen	honor
nderohet	honored
nderohetë	honored
nderoi	honored
nderoj	honor
nderoje	honor
nderojë	honor
ndërojë	honor
nderojënë	honor
nderojeni	Honor
nderojini	Honor
nderojmë	HONOR
nderojn	honor
nderojnë	honor
nderojsh	honor
nderomë	Now honor
nderon	HONORS
nderonej	honored
nderonenë	underworld
ndëronenë	interlocutor
nderonetë	honorific
nderoni	honor
nderonim	respected
nderonin	they honored
nderonj	honor
nderonjë	honor
nderonjënë	one by one
nderonte	ESTEEM
nderosh	honor
nderova	honored
nderove	honored
ndërpre	aborted
ndërprerje	intersection
ndërpres	intercept
ndërpresë	interrupt
ndërpresim	stop
ndërpreu	hardens
ndërprisnin	refrained
ndërprite	Abort
ndërpriten	halted
ndërresa	undergarments
ndërresash	changes of clothing
ndërresat	linen
ndërresë	relay
ndërrim	change
ndërrimi	Switching
ndërrimit	, Change
ndërro	switch
ndërrofshinë	interfaith
ndërrohei	changed
ndërrohen	change
ndërrohenë	are exchanged
ndërrohetë	change
ndërroi	changed
ndërroimë	we changed
ndërroj	CHANGE MY
ndërrojë	change
ndërrojënë	change of guard
ndërrojnë	change
ndërron	Switches
ndërronemi	we change
ndërronenë	change
ndërronetë	change
ndërroni	change
ndërronjë	change
ndërronjënë	change one
ndërrosh	change
ndërrove	I changed
ndërrua	changed
ndërruan	changed
ndërruanë	they changed
ndërruar	Passed
ndërruarë	changed
ndërruat	You exchanged
ndërruatë	change
ndërrue	change
ndërruem	we changed
ndërrueme	change
ndërruemenë	change of name
ndërruenë	changed
nders	While Noah
ndërsa	WHEREAS
ndersë	honor
ndershëm	HONESTY
ndershim	honor
ndershime	exchanges
ndershimenë	honor
ndershimet	honors
ndershme	FAIR
ndershmëri	honesty
ndershmëria	honesty
ndershmërinë	honesty
ndershmërisë	honesty
ndershmërisht	honestly
ndershmëve	reverent
ndershmi	upright
ndershmin	upright
ndershuanë	they exchanged
ndërtesa	building
ndërtesash	building
ndërtesat	building
ndërtesë	building
ndërtesën	BUILDING
ndërtesës	the building
Ndërtesëtari	Builder
Ndërtesëtarin	The builder
Ndërtesëtarinë	Construction
ndërtestar	intertest
ndërtim	construction
ndërtime	BUILDINGS
ndërtimet	BUILDINGS
ndërtimi	BuIldINg
ndërtimin	CONSTRUCTION
ndërtimit	buiLDuiNg
ndërto	build
ndërtofsha	intercropping
ndërtoftë	let it be built
ndërtohei	construction
ndërtohej	constructed
ndërtohen	BUILD
ndërtohenë	are being built
ndërtoheni	built up
ndërtoheshin	edified
ndërtohet	is built
ndërtohetë	is being built
ndërtohi	build
ndërtoi	built
ndërtoimë	we built
ndërtoj	build
ndërtoja	build
ndërtoje	build
ndërtojë	build
ndërtojënë	construction
ndërtojeni	Build
ndërtoji	build
ndërtojmë	build
ndërtojnë	build
ndërtojsh	build
ndërtojshinë	construction
ndërton	builds
ndërtonenë	intertone
ndërtonesh	to build
ndërtonet	is being built
ndërtonetë	intertones
ndërtoni	build
ndërtonia	construction
ndërtonin	build
ndërtonit	build for
ndërtonitë	constructions
ndërtonj	I build.
ndërtonjç	construction
ndërtonjë	intertone
ndërtonjën	intertone
ndërtonjënë	intertone
ndërtonjësin	the builder
ndërtonte	was building
ndërtosh	build
ndërtova	built
ndërtove	you build
ndërtua	constructed
ndërtuan	built
ndërtuanë	they built
ndërtuar	build
ndërtuarë	constructed
ndërtuarët	built
ndërtuari	building
ndërtuat	build the
ndërtue	built,
ndërtuem	builted
ndërtuemi	let's build
ndërtuemit	construction
ndërtuemitë	constructions
ndërtuenë	built
ndërtues	builder
ndërtuesit	builders
ndërtuesve	Constructors
ndërtumë	mound
nderua	awarded
nderuan	honored
nderuanë	honored
nderuar	honored
nderuara	Revered
nderuarë	DEAR
nderuari	Venerable
nderuat	honoring
nderuem	honored
nderuen	honored
nderuenë	honored
nderur	spread
nderura	bent
ndërzejnë	leap
ndërzenin	mating
ndes	And if I
ndës	And if I
ndesh	barge
ndesha	encountered
ndeshë	face
ndeshem	spar
ndeshemi	encounter
ndeshën	met
ndeshësh	dash
ndeshet	faces
ndeshi	encountering
ndeshin	encountering
ndeshje	match
ndeshjen	match
ndëshkim	BOOKED
ndëshkime	Bookings
ndëshkimesh	rebuke
ndëshkimet	punishments
ndëshkimi	Punish
ndëshkimin	Punish
ndëshkimit	PUNISHMENT
ndëshko	Chastise
ndëshkohen	punished
ndëshkoheni	rewarded
ndëshkohesh	punished
ndëshkoheshin	punished
ndëshkohet	punished
ndëshkoi	booked
ndëshkoj	punish
ndëshkoje	punish him/her
ndëshkojë	punish
ndëshkoji	punish him/her
ndëshkojmë	requite
ndëshkojnë	punish
ndëshkoka	punishment
ndëshkon	Chastise
ndëshkova	punished
ndëshkua	booked
ndëshkuar	SANCTIONED
ndeshni	meet
ndeshur	battling
ndesnë	encounter
ndesnjë	match
ndesnjënë	encounter
ndez	ignite
ndezë	LOCK
ndezëj	ignite
ndezën	lit
ndezënë	ignited
ndezësh	fire
ndezi	ignited
ndezin	Spark
ndezinë	ignition
ndeztë	lighted
ndezuna	ignited
ndezunë	they lit up
ndezur	lit
ndezura	brightly
ndezurë	lit
ndezurit	lighting
ndief	feel
ndiej	feel
ndieja	feels
ndiejë	feel
ndiejënë	feel
ndiejmë	feel
ndiejnë	feel
ndiek	keep track of
ndiekë	follow
ndiekëje	follow him/her
ndiekëjesë	follower
ndiekënë	followed
ndiekës	follower
ndiekëset	followers
ndiekësëvet	followers
ndiekësi	follower
ndieki	follow
ndiekimë	follow-up
ndiekin	follow
ndiekinë	follow
ndiektë	follow
ndiekun	follow
ndiekuna	follow us
ndiekunash	follower
ndiekunat	the following
ndiekunavet	followers
ndiekunë	follow me
ndiekurë	followed
ndiekurit	the chase
ndiekuritë	the pursuits
ndiemenë	feeling
ndien	feels
ndienë	felt
ndieni	feel
ndiente	felt
ndier	feeling
ndiera	heartfelt
ndieratë	feelings
ndierë	feeling
ndiesën	the feeling
ndietë	feel
ndif	help
ndife	follow
ndifëma	child support
ndifi	follow
ndifinë	the enemy
ndifma	help
ndifmë	help me
ndifmës	helper
ndifmësë	assistant
ndifmësi	assistance
ndifmëtar	assistant
ndifmëtarë	helpers
ndifmëtarët	helpers
ndifmëtari	assistant
ndifte	follow
ndifun	help me
ndifunë	they helped
ndigjo	listen
ndigjofsh	listen
ndigjofshi	listen, listen
ndigjoftë	listen
ndigjohenë	are heard
ndigjoi	listened
ndigjoishie	you listened
ndigjoj	listen
ndigjojënë	listen
ndigjojsh	listen
ndigjomë	listen to me
ndigjon	listens
ndigjonenë	listen
ndigjonetë	hearsay
ndigjoni	listen
ndigjonj	listen
ndigjonjç	follow me
ndigjonje	listen
ndigjonjë	listen
ndigjonjënë	listening
ndigjontej	was listening
ndigjova	I listened
ndigjove	I heard.
ndigjuam	we listened
ndigjuanë	they listened
ndigjuarë	listeners
ndigjuarshim	we were listening
ndigjuem	we listened
ndigjuenë	listened to
ndih	Relief
ndiha	I felt
ndihç	follow
ndihçinë	the assistant
ndihe	feels
ndihëjmë	we help
ndihënë	heard
ndiheshin	feeling
ndihet	feels
ndihetë	feel
ndihjë	help
ndihjënë	help
ndihma	help
ndihmash	AID
ndihmave	AID
ndihme	Help
ndihmë	help
ndihmëçivet	helpers
ndihmën	ASSISTANCE
ndihmënë	the help
ndihmëra	helper
ndihmëratë	helpers
ndihmës	HELP
ndihmesë	FACILITATOR
ndihmësë	aid
ndihmësi	assistant
ndihmësin	aide
ndihmësit	aides
ndihmët	aids
ndihmëtarë	helpers
ndihmëtarët	auxiliary
ndihmëtari	Helpful
ndihmo	help
ndihmofshin	they help
ndihmoftë	help me
ndihmohen	Helping
ndihmohesha	help in
ndihmoi	helped
ndihmoj	help
ndihmoje	support
ndihmojë	support
ndihmojeni	Help
ndihmoji	Assist
ndihmojnë	help
ndihmomë	Save
ndihmon	helps
ndihmoni	help
ndihmonin	help
ndihmonte	help
ndihmosh	help
ndihmova	helped
ndihmove	helping
ndihmua	helped
ndihmuan	helped
ndihmuar	HELP
ndihmuesi	helper
ndihna	help
ndihnani	help me
ndihnë	help
ndihni	help
ndihnjë	help
ndihnjënë	help
ndihte	helped
ndihtej	I was helping.
ndihu	Feel
ndihurë	helped
ndijesësë	sensory
ndijeu	felt
ndikim	INFLUENCE
ndikimin	INFLUENCE
ndikohesh	unaffected
ndikohet	is affected
ndikuar	CONCERNED
ndime	DECISION
ndimëtarëvet	helpers
ndimëtari	assistant
ndimëtarit	helpers
ndimo	helps pay
ndimofshinë	neighborhood
ndimoi	helped
ndimojë	help
ndimojënë	help
ndimojsh	help
ndimoni	help
ndimova	I helped.
ndimuem	we helped
ndimueme	we helped
ndimuen	helped
ndimuenë	helped
ndinjam	I felt
ndiq	FOLLOW
ndiqe	follow
ndiqejnë	follow
ndiqem	I follow
ndiqemi	we follow
ndiqen	are followed
ndiqenë	followed
ndiqeni	follow
ndiqet	FOLLOW
ndiqetë	followed
ndiqi	Pursue them
ndiqiem	follow-up
ndiqinë	followed
ndiqini	follow
ndiqja	follow
ndiqje	followed me
ndiqkam	I follow
ndiqmë	Follow
Ndiqmëni	follow me
ndiqnë	follow
ndiqni	follow
ndiqnin	they followed
ndiqnit	clutches
ndiqnjënë	follower
ndiqshinë	follow
ndiqte	follow
ndiuera	feelings
ndiz	Turn on
ndizej	blaze
ndizen	fires
ndizenë	ignite
ndizeni	Turn on
ndizeshin	burn
ndizet	light
ndizetë	light up
ndizni	Turn on
ndiznit	kindle
ndje	Feel
ndjej	smelt
ndjejnë	feel
ndjek	FOLLOWED
ndjekë	CHASE
ndjekëjë	follow
ndjekënë	followers
ndjekës	follower
ndjekësh	FOLLOWING
ndjekësit	followers
ndjekim	tracing
ndjekin	follow
ndjekja	TRACKING
ndjekjen	PROSECUTION
ndjektë	adhered
ndjekur	Following
ndjekura	TAKEN
ndjekurat	the chases
ndjekuravet	follow
ndjekurë	followed
ndjekuri	following the
ndjekuritë	the chases
ndjell	entice
ndjellësh	you are awake
ndjellin	evoke
ndjen	feels
ndjenë	feeling
ndjeni	Feeling
ndjenin	Feeling
ndjenja	SENSE
ndjenjat	feelings
ndjenjë	feeling
ndjente	felt
ndjerë	late
ndjerit	late
ndjesa	forgiveness
ndjesë	forgiveness
ndjesh	feel
ndjeta	I felt
ndjetavet	feelings
ndjetë	you feel
ndjeu	smelled
ndjeva	felt
ndjietë	feelings
ndo	any other wire
ndoca	Ndoc
ndodh	HAPPENS
ndodha	I traveled
ndodhë	HAPPEN
ndodhej	happened
ndodhem	stand
ndodhemi	LOCATION
ndodhen	LOCATED
ndodhën	occurred
ndodheni	ARE
ndodhesh	happens
ndodhesha	happened
ndodheshe	wast
ndodheshin	were
ndodhet	IS
ndodhetë	is located
ndodhi	event
ndodhin	OCCUR
ndodhinë	story
ndodhnin	happened
ndodhte	COMING
ndodhtë	Far from
ndodhunë	happened
ndodhur	occurred
ndofta	perhaps
ndoh	his own
ndohëta	maybe
ndohëtë	maybe
ndohtë	maybe
ndokënd	someone
ndokuit	someone
ndokujt	anyone
ndokush	anyone
ndonëqë	somehow
ndonesë	anyone
ndonëse	ALTHOUGH
ndonësë	though
ndonësëe	anyone
ndoni	nWould
ndonjë	any
ndonjëherë	EVER
ndonjeit	someone
ndonjëit	to someone
ndonjëj	to someone
ndonjëje	any one
ndonjëri	someone
ndonjërin	Somebody
ndonjërinë	someone
ndonjërit	someone
ndonji	any
ndonjiana	somewhere
ndonjianit	anyone
ndonjiherë	sometimes
ndoqa	followed
ndoqe	you can follow
ndoqëm	followed
ndoqën	followed
ndoqët	you follow
ndoqi	attended
ndoqnë	followed
Ndorien	The Ndorien
ndorienë	the world
ndorme	unleavened
ndormë	unleavened
ndormeve	Unleavened Bread
ndormëve	unleavened
ndoshta	maybe
ndot	grime
ndotë	defile
ndotej	polluted
ndoten	polluted
ndotën	polluted
ndoteni	polluted
ndotësh	polluted
ndotet	polluted
ndothnë	maybe
ndothni	happen
ndoti	polluted
ndotin	POLLUTING
ndotje	pollution
ndotjet	POLLUTION
ndotni	defile
ndotnin	defiled
ndotur	POLLUTED
ndotura	POLLUTED
ndoturi	polluted
ndoturit	defiled
ndraga	dream
ndragëtë	dreams
ndreitënia	enlightenment
ndreq	CORRECTS
ndreqe	Fix
ndreqë	mend
ndreqëjë	fix
ndreqemi	disciplined
ndreqën	repaired
ndreqenë	they fix
ndreqeni	correction
ndreqesh	correction
ndreqësh	REPAIRING
Ndreqësi	Correction
ndreqet	correction
ndreqetë	fix
ndreqi	repaired
ndreqin	readjust
ndreqish	repairman
ndreqishnë	correct
ndreqje	correction
ndreqjë	fix
ndreqjen	CORRECTION
ndreqjet	Restoration
ndreqm	fix
ndreqnë	fix
ndreqni	Amend
ndreqnin	mending
ndreqte	correct
Ndrequ	Fix it
ndrequn	fix
ndrequna	corrected
ndrequnë	corrected
ndrequni	fix it
ndrequr	mended
ndrequrë	corrected
ndrequritë	corrections
ndriçim	ILLUMINATION
ndriçime	lighting
ndriçimeja	lighting
ndriçimi	LIGHTENING
ndriçimin	Shiny
ndriçiminë	the lighting
ndriçimit	lighting
ndriço	enlighten
ndriçoftë	enlighten
ndriçohet	lighten
ndriçoi	shone
Ndriçoje	shine
ndriçojë	shine
ndriçojnë	shine
ndriçojsh	illuminate
ndriçoju	illuminate
ndriçon	illuminates
ndriçoni	Illuminate
ndriçonin	lighted
ndriçonjë	light bulb
ndriçonte	shone
ndriçua	illuminated
ndriçuan	lit
ndriçuar	illuminated
ndriçuat	illuminated
ndriçue	highlight
ndriçuem	illuminated
ndriçuenë	illuminated
ndriçues	illuminating
ndriçuesin	light
ndriçuesit	lights
ndriçuetë	illuminated
ndrijë	shine
ndrin	shineth
ndrisënë	brighten
ndrishe	candle
ndrisi	light
ndrisinë	brightness
ndriste	was enlightening
ndristej	it was shining
ndrit	sparkle
ndritëcojë	illuminate
ndritëmenë	bright
ndriti	shone
ndritjë	shine
ndritjënë	light
ndritnë	bright
ndritni	shone
ndritnjë	bright
ndritnjënë	bright
ndritshëm	bright
ndritshim	enlightenment
ndritshime	illuminations
ndritshme	BRIGHT
ndritte	light
Ndrittë	Light
ndritun	shine
ndrituna	bright
ndritunë	bright
ndritunit	bright
ndritur	brighter
ndritura	brightest
ndriturë	bright
ndriturënë	the light
ndrojtje	Coy
ndruanj	change
ndruanjënë	change
ndrydhet	joyous
ndrydhur	twisted
ndrydhura	Suppressing
ndryem	change
ndryshe	OTHERWISE
ndryshëm	DIFFERENT
ndryshim	CHANGES
ndryshime	CHANGES
ndryshimi	AmENdmENT
ndryshimin	the change
ndryshimit	CHANGES
ndryshk	rust
ndryshkën	rust
ndryshku	rust
ndryshkun	rust
ndryshkunë	rusty
ndryshme	MISCELLANEOUS
ndryshmet	different
ndryshohej	changed
ndryshohen	amend both
ndryshohet	MODIFIED
ndryshohuni	change yourself
ndryshoi	changed
ndryshoj	change
ndryshoja	change
ndryshojë	MODIFY
ndryshojnë	DIFFER
ndryshon	vary
ndryshova	changed
ndryshuan	changed
ndryshuar	AMENDED
ndryshueshmërinë	Mobility
ndukeshin	they were missing
ndukeshinë	suffocation
nduketë	scold
ndukinë	follow
ndukni	follow
ndukunë	we are looking for
ndye	paint
ndyejënë	two days
ndyem	dirty
ndyeme	color
ndyemit	the next
ndyenë	dyed
ndyfshin	they are dirty
ndyhenë	they are dirty
ndyheshin	they were changing
ndyhetë	dirty
ndyjnë	pollute
ndymë	dirty
ndyn	defiles
ndyne	oppress
ndynë	defiled
ndynës	oppressor
ndynësa	change
ndynësi	oppressor
ndynësie	impurity
ndynësina	indifference
ndynësinat	the numbers
ndynësinavet	the same
ndynësine	diversity
ndynësinë	humanity
ndynësinënë	humanity
ndynësinësë	humanity
ndynësitë	the crowds
ndyni	defile
ndynjç	human
ndynjënë	other
ndyr	fucking
ndyra	unclean
ndyrat	fucking
ndyrave	dirt
ndyravet	filth
ndyre	fucking
ndyrë	dirty
ndyrësi	DEFILEMENT
ndyrësia	filth
ndyrësinë	uncleanness
ndyrësira	filth
ndyrësirat	filthiness
ndyrësirën	the dirt
ndyrësisë	filth
ndyrësish	meanly
ndyrësitë	filthiness
ndyret	dirty
ndyrët	profane
ndyri	bastard
ndyrnjë	dirt
ndyrnjën	the dirt
ndyta	Obscene
ndytavet	dirt
ndytë	dirty
ndytët	the dirty ones
ne	in
Neapojë	Neapolitan
Neapol	Naples
Neapolë	Naples
Neapolis	Neapolis
Neariahu	Rephaiah
Neariahut	Naaria
Neath	Neath
Nebai	Nebai
Nebaiothit	Nebaioth
Nebajothi	Ishmael
Nebajothit	Neba'ioth
Nebalat	Neballat
Nebathit	Nebat
Nebatit	Nabat
Nebi	nabi
Nebin	Nebo
Nebit	Nebo
nebo	nephew
Neboh	Nebo
Neboi	Neboi
Neboit	Neboit
Nebojënë	Nebojë
Nebon	Nebo
Nebos	Nebo
Nebukadnetsar	Nebuchadnezzar
Nebukadnetsari	Nebuchadnezzar
Nebukadnetsarin	Nebuchadnezzar
Nebukadnetsarit	NEBUCHADNEZZAR
Nebushazbani	Nebushazban
Nebuzaradani	Nabuzardan
Nebuzaradanit	Nebuzaradan
Nedabiahu	Nedabiah
Neemanit	Naaman
Nefeg	Nefeg
Nefegu	Nepheg
Nefishesimit	Nephishesim
Neftali	Naphtali
Neftalimijanë	Naphtali
Neftalimit	Naphtali
Neftalin	Naphtali
Neftalisë	Naphtali
Neftalit	Naphtali
Neftaliu	Naphtali
Nefthali	Naphtali
Nefthalim	Naphtali
Nefthalimit	Naphtali
Nefthalinit	Naphthalene
Nefthalit	Naphtali
Nefthaliut	Naphtali
Neftili	Naphtili
Neftoahut	Nephtoah
Neftsali	Naphtali
Nefusimit	Nephusim
Negev	south
Negevi	south
Negevin	Negev
Negevit	south
Neginoth	Neginoth
Nego	Negotiate
Negon	nego
Negos	nego
Neh	Neh
Nehelamitin	Nehelam
Nehemia	Nehemiah
Nehemian	Nehemiah
Nehemias	NEHEMIA
Nehilloth	Nehilloth
Nehinoth	Nehinoth
Nehumin	Nehumin
Nehushta	Nohesta
Nehushtan	Nehushtan
Nejelit	Neiel
nejevet	nations
Nekebi	nekeb
Neko	Neko
Nekodas	Nekodas
Nekodës	Nekoda
Nekos	Ne'cho
Nem	Nem
Nëm	Give me
nëma	oath
nemë	areMore
nëme	oath
nëmë	odium
nemem	I am tired.
nememi	we are
nëmënë	in the name
nëmër	in the name
nëmëron	names
nëmëronej	in the evening
nëmëronenë	in the name of
nëmëronjç	in the name of
nëmërua	nickname
nëmëruarë	appointed
nemës	Nemes
nemësa	mother-in-law
nemet	odium
nemetë	Germans
nemi	name
nemin	Nemi
nëmin	hated
neminë	the night
nëmjënë	in the middle
nemnë	next
nëmoj	I am sick.
nëmonjë	under the moon
nemshin	nemshin
nemte	German
Nemueli	Nemuel
nemuelitëve	Nemuelites
nemun	accursed
nemuna	Accursed
nemunë	disease
nemuni	you are sick
nemunish	indigent
nemunit	patient
nemunitë	the poor
nemur	dear
nëmurë	on the wall
nemuri	poverty
nëmuri	on the wall
nemurin	the poor
nëmurin	on the wall
nën	UNDER
nëna	MOTHER
nënat	mothers
nënave	mothers
nëndheshëm	underground
nëndheshme	underground
nëndurë	under
nënë	mother
nënën	MOTHER
nënës	MATERNAL
nënkresë	bolster
nënkuptohej	implied
nënkuptohen	means
nënkupton	means
nënkuptonte	imply
nënshkrimit	signing
nënshkroi	signed
nënshkrova	signed
nënshkruar	signed
nënshkruhen	signed
nënshtetas	subject
nënshtrim	submission
nënshtrimit	submission
nënshtro	consent
nënshtrohem	defer
nënshtrohemi	submit
nënshtrohen	SUBJECT
nënshtroheni	BOUND
nënshtroheshin	subject
nënshtrohet	SUBJECT
nënshtrohuni	Dearly
nënshtroi	subjected
nënshtroj	vanquish
nënshtrojë	subjugate
nënshtrojeni	subdue
nënshtrojmë	obey
nënshtrojnë	afflict
nënshtroju	SUBJECT
nënshtrojuni	submit
nënshtron	subjects
nënshtroni	subjugate
nënshtrove	underwent
nënshtrua	submitted
nënshtruam	subjection
nënshtruan	subjection
nënshtruar	submissive
nënshtruara	subjection
nënta	nine
nëntat	nine
nëntë	nine
nëntëdhe	nine and
nëntëdhiet	nine goats
nëntëdhietë	nineteen
nëntëdhjet	ninety
nëntëdhjetë	ninety
nëntëmbëdhietë	nineteen
nëntëmbëdhjetë	nineteen
nëntëmbëdhjetëtë	the nineteenth
nëntëmbëdhjeti	nineteenth
nëntën	ninth
nëntënë	nine
nëntëqind	Nine hundred
nëntëtë	ninth
nënti	ninth
nëntokë	underground
nëntokësor	underground
nëntokësore	underground
nep	nope
nepei	nepei
nëpër	through
nepërka	asp
nepërkash	vipers
nepërkavet	vipers
nepërke	viper
nepërkë	asp
nëpërkëmbin	trample
nëpërkëmbtë	trampled
nëpërkëmbur	trampled
nepërkënë	viper
nepërkës	adders
nepërkësë	viper
nëpërkësë	viper
nëpërmes	through
nëpërmjet	vIA
nepet	grandchildren
nepetë	nepeta
Nepi	Nappy
nepni	nepni
nepshinë	soul
nepte	ninth
nepua	grandson
nëpunës	WHITE
Nëpunësi	officer
nëpunësit	OFFICIALS
nëpunësve	OFFICERS
Neraiahu	Naaria
Nereun	Nereun
Nereut	Nereus
Nergalin	Nergal
Nergalsharetseri	Nergal
Neri	Black
Neriahut	Neriah
Neriathit	Neriath
Nerit	Ner
Neron	Nero
Neronit	Nero
nerva	nerves
nervat	nerves
nëse	whether
nesër	tomorrow
nesërë	tomorrow
nesëret	tomorrow
nesërët	tomorrow
nesërme	tomorrow
nesërmeja	tomorrow
nesërmen	tomorrow
nesërmenë	the next day
nesërmet	tomorrow
nesërmja	tomorrow
nesh	US
net	nights
Netaim	Netaim
netë	nights
netët	nights
netëve	nights
Nethan	Nathan
Nethaneel	Nathaniel
Nethaneeli	Nathanael
Nethaneelit	Nethanel
Nethaneli	Nethanel
Nethaniahu	Nethaniah
Nethaniahut	Nathanias
Nethanjah	Nethaniah
Nethanjahut	Netanyahu
nethinenj	nethinim
nethinenjtë	nethinin
nethinenjve	nethinims
Netofa	Netofa
Netofahu	Netophathite
Netofahut	Netophah
Netofathei	Netophathites
netofathitëve	Netophathi
Netsiahut	Neziah
Netsibi	Ashnah
nett	Netta
netvet	nets
neve	us
neveri	aversion
neveria	Nausea
neverie	disgust
neverinë	abomination
neverisë	sicken
neverit	repulse
neveritë	abominations
neveriten	repelled
neveritet	abomination
neveritshëm	Despicable
neveritshme	disgusting
neveritshmin	abomination
neveritshmit	abominable
neveritur	disgusted
neverive	abominations
nevet	us
nevoja	needs
nevojat	needs
nevojave	NEEDS
nevojavet	needs
nevoje	need
nevojë	need
nevojën	need
nevojënë	the need
nevojës	NEED
nevojëse	need
nevojësë	need
nevojëshim	we were needed
nevojëshime	necessities
nevojëshimet	necessities
nevojëshimëvet	necessities
nevojëshimi	neediness
nevojëshimin	neediness
nevojëshiminë	neediness
nevojëshimit	neediness
nevojëshimitë	the needy
nevojëshimvet	we need ourselves
nevojet	need
nevojishimin	the need
nevojitej	needed
nevojiten	are needed
nevojitet	NEED
nevojshëm	REQUIRED
nevojshimi	need
nevojshme	NEEDED
nevojshmet	the necessary
nevojtar	needy
nevojtare	NEEDY
nevojtarë	poor
nevojtarët	needy
nevojtarëve	needy
nevojtari	needy
nevojtarin	the needy
nevojtarit	needy
nevola	hardship
nevolat	needs
nevolavet	needs
nevolë	nevole
nevolën	need
nevolësë	needy
nevolëshëmit	the needy
nevolëshimi	neediness
nevolëshiminë	the need
nevolëshimit	neediness
nevolëshimitë	needs
Nevrodhi	Nevrodhi
nezerqë	blacksmith
nga	BY
ngaç	harassment
ngacëmoimë	we teased
ngacëmoj	tease
ngacmoj	excite
ngacmojnë	tease
ngacmoni	stir
ngacmonte	provoked
ngacmosh	mistreat
ngacmuan	harassed
ngacmuar	harassed
ngacmuese	harassing
ngadalë	slowly
ngadalësinë	slowness
ngadalëso	Slow
ngadalshëm	slowly
ngadaltë	slow
ngadhënjej	fight down
ngadhënjejë	prevail
ngadhënjejmë	victorious
ngadhënjejnë	victorious
ngadhënjen	Prevails
ngadhënjesh	prevail
ngadhënjeu	prevailed
ngadhënjimi	Victory
ngadhënjimtare	triumphant
ngadhënjimtarë	triumph
ngadhënjyen	the victors
ngadhënjyer	triumphing
Ngadhnjeva	I agree.
ngadita	daytime
ngaditë	daily
ngado	everywhere
ngaha	out of nowhere
ngaherë	from everlasting
ngajturë	excited
ngallmohen	enclosed
ngallmoj	I am tired.
ngallmosh	set in it
ngallmuan	inclosed
ngallmuar	set
ngallmuara	mounted
ngam	hurry
ngamë	Ngam
ngamesh	scold
nganë	by the way
ngaqë	because
ngarat	the car
ngarit	Ngari
ngarkesa	LOADS
ngarkesash	cargo
ngarkesë	load
ngarkesën	CARGO
ngarko	UPLOAD
ngarkohen	loaded
ngarkoheshin	bear
ngarkohet	load
Ngarkohuni	Go up
ngarkoi	appointed
ngarkoj	load
ngarkojë	load
ngarkojënë	load
ngarkojmë	load
ngarkojnë	upload
ngarkon	charges
ngarkonetë	load
ngarkoni	Upload
ngarkonin	loading
ngarkove	lay on
ngarkua	upload
ngarkuan	loaded
ngarkuanë	they loaded
ngarkuar	busy
ngarkuara	CHARGE
ngarkuarë	loaded
ngarkuari	the manager
ngarkuarin	Charge
ngarkuem	Uploaded
ngas	PLOT
ngasë	ride
ngasejë	drive
ngasëje	drive
ngasejënë	because of
ngasëjenë	drive away
ngasëjesë	driving
ngasëjesh	to drive
ngasëjet	rides
ngasënë	drive
ngashërim	sobbing
ngashërimin	sobbings
ngashërohet	is turned
ngashëryen	they cried
ngasi	drive
ngasim	touch
ngasimë	excitement
ngasinë	driving
ngatë	ngata
ngatërrestare	troublemaking
ngatërro	divide
ngatërrofshin	confounded
ngatërrofshinë	confusion
ngatërrohem	interlope
ngatërrohen	confused
ngatërrohesh	mess
ngatërrohet	gets confused
ngatërrohetë	get confused
ngatërroi	confound
ngatërrojmë	confound
ngatërrojnë	confuses
ngatërronetë	confuse
ngatërruan	upset
ngatërruar	confuse
ngatërruara	confusing
ngatërruem	confused
ngathët	ungainly
ngau	drove
ngazëllefshin	let them rejoice
ngazëllehem	exult
ngazëllehemi	rejoice
ngazëlleheni	rejoice
ngazëllehesh	rejoices
ngazëlleheshit	reveled
ngazëllehet	rejoices
ngazëllej	hearten
ngazëllejë	joyful
ngazëllejmë	exult
ngazëllejnë	sing
ngazëllen	exults
ngazëlleni	cheer up
ngazëllim	elation
ngazëllimi	Rapture
ngazëllimit	mirth
ngazëllo	Rejoice
ngazëllofshin	let them rejoice
ngazëllofshinë	joy
ngazëllohej	exulted
ngazëllohem	rejoice
ngazëllohemi	rejoice
ngazëllohen	rejoice
ngazëlloheni	exceeding joy
ngazëllohet	exults
ngazëllohu	shout
ngazëllohuni	rejoice
ngazëlloi	exulted
ngazëlloj	exult
ngazëllojë	rejoice
ngazëllojmë	We rejoice
ngazëllojnë	rejoice
ngazëllon	rejoices
ngazëllonem	I am excited.
ngazëllonemi	let's get excited
ngazëllonetë	excited
ngazëlloni	Sing
ngazëllua	overjoyed
ngazëlluar	exultant
ngazëllye	exulted
ngazëllyen	exhilarated
ngazullim	excitement
ngazullohi	rejoice
ngazullohu	rejoice
ngazullonem	I am excited.
nge	leisure
ngeci	ran aground
ngecim	aground
ngecnin	got stuck
ngelet	remains
ngeli	remained
ngelte	remained
ngërcëllojinë	the crunch
ngërcëllon	convulses
ngërcëllonjënë	the cramp
ngërcëllyem	we squirmed
ngërdheshje	grimace
ngërmuqa	wrinkled
Ngërmuqet	Wrinkles
ngeshime	congestion
ngeshimetë	happiness
nget	rides
ngi	stay
ngifshinë	embrace
ngihem	I get up.
ngihenë	they stand up
ngiheshin	were lifted up
ngihetë	get up
ngihi	stand up
ngij	satiate
ngimë	Ngima
ngin	Ngina
nginë	Ngina
ngini	drive
nginj	I am pregnant.
nginjç	child
nginjçinë	the nest
nginjë	nest
nginjem	secret of being filled
nginjëm	we started
nginjemi	we get stuck
nginjen	it starts
nginjenë	they are born
nginjesh	to get stuck
nginjeshim	we were born
nginjetë	innate
nginji	get up
nginjnë	they are born
nginjnje	conception
nginjur	impregnated
nginjurë	embedded
ngisnë	drive
ngisni	Ride
ngisnin	driving
ngiste	driving
ngit	raises the
ngitë	Raising
ngitetë	hurry up
ngitni	were driving
ngiu	stuck
ngjaj	look like
ngjajë	likened
ngjaji	be like
ngjajnë	resemble
ngjall	ROSE
ngjalla	raised
ngjallë	raise
ngjallej	rise
ngjallem	rise from death
ngjallëme	revive
ngjallëmë	revive
ngjallëmeja	revive
ngjallëmen	revival
ngjallëmenë	revive
ngjallëmes	resuscitator
ngjallëmesë	animator
ngjallen	alive
ngjallën	alive
ngjallenë	revive
ngjallënë	revive
ngjallesh	'rising
ngjallet	breed
ngjallët	breed
ngjalletë	alive
ngjallëtë	revive
ngjalli	raised
ngjallin	spark
ngjallish	revive
ngjallja	breed
ngjallje	resurrection
ngjalljë	revive
ngjalljen	the resurrection
ngjalljes	resurrection
ngjallkan	revive
ngjallnë	revive
ngjallni	raise
ngjallshinë	vitality
ngjallte	arouse
ngjalltë	lively
ngjallturë	resurrection
ngjallturet	resurrection
ngjallturit	the resurrected
ngjallturitë	resurrections
ngjallu	revive
ngjallun	resurrect
ngjallunë	revived
ngjallunit	revive
ngjallunitë	animations
ngjallur	risen
ngjallurit	Resurrection
ngjan	It seems
ngjani	are like
ngjanim	resembled
ngjanin	resembled
ngjante	It sounded
ngjarë	likely
ngjarja	EVENTS
ngjarje	event
ngjarjeje	event
ngjarjen	event
ngjarjes	event
ngjarjet	events
ngjarjeve	event
ngjas	I liken
ngjasë	come about
Ngjasënë	Likely
ngjashëm	Similarly
ngjashme	Pages
ngjashmëria	similarity
ngjashmërinë	similarity
ngjasim	likeness
ngjasin	occur
Ngjasojuni	Be like them.
ngjason	looks like
ngjasoni	compare
ngjat	seem
ngjate	resembling
ngjathët	tall
ngjati	length
ngjau	happened
ngje	transpire
ngjef	freeze
ngjefi	freeze
ngjefimë	we are confused
ngjefun	suffocate
ngjefuna	I am afraid.
ngjefunë	crowded
ngjeh	compress
ngjeha	I compressed
ngjehunë	crowded
ngjelmëtë	snail
ngjënoish	you were born
ngjënojë	imitate
ngjëntçin	the child
ngjënuem	we are born
ngjer	freeze
ngjera	frozen
ngjesh	STRAPS
ngjesha	Gird
ngjeshç	compress
ngjeshe	Gird
ngjeshë	girded
ngjeshëm	mourning
ngjeshësh	gird
ngjeshet	compress
ngjeshi	girded
ngjeshim	condensed
Ngjeshini	Compress it.
ngjeshje	compression
ngjeshjë	compress
ngjeshjëm	we compressed
ngjeshnë	compress
Ngjeshu	Compress
ngjeshunë	crowded
ngjeshuni	gird
ngjeshur	compressed
ngjeshura	crowded
ngjeshurë	crowded
ngjet	transpire
ngjethem	creep
ngjeti	climb
ngjeu	dipped
ngjeve	painted your
ngjiej	gather
ngjiejë	to gather
ngjien	I am sorry.
ngjierë	frozen
ngjif	freeze
ngjifem	I am pregnant.
ngjifenë	gnaw
ngjifet	freeze
ngjifetë	gnats
ngjifiem	frozen
ngjifinë	the fetus
ngjifni	freeze
ngjifshiem	pregnancy
ngjifshin	let them conceive
ngjifshitë	you are welcome
ngjifte	clot
ngjih	stick
ngjihenë	they met
ngjihet	it rises
ngjihetë	get together
ngjihni	get together
Ngjinoni	Incubate
ngjir	hoarse
ngjisë	climb
ngjish	compressed
ngjishe	Strap
ngjishen	gird
ngjishenë	compact
ngjishi	you pressed
ngjishie	compression
ngjishni	compress
Ngjishu	Get dressed
ngjisim	climb
ngjisnim	climb the
ngjisnin	pasted,
ngjit	stick
ngjita	ascended
ngjite	Paste
ngjitej	up
ngjitem	go up
ngjitëm	climbed
ngjitemi	up
ngjiten	climb
ngjitën	up
ngjitenë	climb
ngjiteni	Stick
ngjitesh	Ascent
ngjitesha	Climbing
ngjiteshe	go up
ngjiteshin	climb
ngjiteshinë	they climbed
ngjiteshitë	climbers
ngjitet	Ascent
ngjitët	go up
ngjitetë	climb
ngjiti	paste
ngjitmë	climb
ngjitnë	climb
ngjitni	Glue
ngjitnjë	climbing
ngjittë	sticky
ngjitu	Go up
ngjitunë	climbed
ngjituni	up
ngjitunitë	climb
ngjitur	STICKY
ngjitura	JOINED
ngjiturë	adjacent
ngjituritë	the connections
ngjiz	conceived
ngjizej	conceived
ngjizën	pregnant
ngjizet	conceive
ngjizi	conceived
ngjizje	gestation
ngjizur	clot
ngjof	I know
ngjofa	I knew
ngjofëme	we know
ngjofëmen	baby
ngjofëmes	child-bearing
ngjofëmesë	child-bearing
ngjofës	familiar
ngjofësi	acquaintance
ngjofët	you know
ngjofi	know
ngjofim	familiarity
ngjofimë	we know
ngjofin	they know
ngjofinë	the gnome
ngjofish	double
ngjofmë	I know.
ngjofnë	I know
ngjoft	know
ngjofta	I know
ngjofte	know
ngjoftë	may it be
ngjoftëm	we met
ngjofti	you know
ngjoftnë	I know.
ngjoftun	you know
ngjoftunë	invited
ngjofun	I know.
ngjofuna	I know you.
ngjofunë	familiar
ngjofuni	get to know
ngjofunit	you know
ngjoh	I know.
ngjoha	I knew
ngjohç	know
ngjohe	get to know
ngjohë	know
ngjohëm	we met
ngjohënë	familiar
ngjohnë	they look alike
ngjohnje	similarity
ngjohnjë	same
ngjohtë	know
ngjohu	get to know
ngjohura	familiar
ngjohurë	familiar
ngjohuri	acquaintance
ngjohurit	acquaintances
ngjom	I am tired.
ngjoma	I was tired.
ngjomë	I am tired.
ngjomësine	the smell
ngjomi	I was hungry.
ngjomte	was waiting
ngjyej	dunk
ngjyeje	dip
ngjyejë	dip
ngjyem	I dye.
ngjyen	dips
ngjyenë	dye
ngjyeni	dip
ngjyenjë	color
ngjyer	ingrain
ngjyera	dyed
ngjyerë	dye
ngjyhetë	soaked
ngjyn	color
ngjyra	color
ngjyrave	COLOR
ngjyrë	tint
ngjyrës	color
ngjyrosur	HIGHLIGHT-
ngjyrosura	coloring
ngjysh	grandfather
ngoje	previously mentioned
ngojesh	speculate
ngonër	no one
ngop	sate
ngopë	satisfy
ngopej	fed
ngopem	overfeed
ngopemi	satisfied
ngopen	enough
ngopën	filled
ngopeni	fill
ngopesh	filled
ngopësh	satisfy the appetite
ngopeshim	full;
ngopeshin	were filled
ngopet	filled
ngopët	your fill
ngopi	saturated
ngopim	fill
ngopin	saturating
ngopja	impregnation
ngopje	satiety
ngopte	kept satisfying
ngopuni	notwithstanding
ngopur	saturated
ngordh	die
ngordhë	dies
ngordhën	they died
ngordhi	died
ngordhin	die
ngordhinë	dead
ngordhje	death
ngordhnin	die
ngordhur	dead
ngordhura	dead
ngorthnë	dead
ngorthnjë	dead body
ngos	fill
ngosem	I am fed up.
ngosenë	they are tired
ngosëtë	tired
ngosi	note
ngosjëmë	we are fed up
ngosnë	they are tired
ngostë	boring
ngosurë	fed up
ngraçkët	the scumbags
ngran	eat
ngrana	eaten
ngranatë	pomegranate
ngranavet	granaries
ngranë	eat
ngranës	eater
ngranët	eaters
ngranëtë	eat
ngratë	pitiable
ngrati	high
ngre	RAISES
ngrë	up
ngreç	hangover
ngrëç	impasse
ngree	lift
ngref	lift
ngrefi	raise
ngrefia	the rise
ngrefinë	build
ngrefnë	raise
ngrefosur	greyhound
ngreftë	raise
ngrefun	rises
ngrefunë	they were hungry
ngreh	prick
ngrehç	lift
ngrehe	raise
ngrehënë	raised
ngrehnë	raise
ngrehnjënë	construction
ngrehsh	lift
ngrehu	Arise
ngrehur	a loaded
ngrehurë	erect
ngreje	cock
ngrejë	raise
ngrëjënë	eat
ngrem	raise
ngremë	raise
ngrëmë	pile
ngrën	eaten
Ngrena	eating
ngrëna	nurture
Ngrenae	Eat
ngrënat	eating
ngrënatë	eater
ngrënavet	meals
ngrenë	eating
ngrënë	eat
ngrënës	eater
ngrënët	eating
ngrënëtë	food
ngreni	Lift
ngrëni	eating
ngrenia	EATING
ngrënia	eating
ngrenie	dinning
ngrënien	eating
ngrënit	eating
ngrëntë	ate
ngrerë	erectile
ngrërë	eaten
ngresh	raise
ngreu	raised an
Ngreuni	Get up.
ngri	Raise
ngrica	frost
ngricën	frost
ngriçi	freeze
ngrifei	froze
ngrifej	freeze
ngrih	arise and shine forth
ngrihei	get up
ngrihej	up
ngrihem	rise
ngrihemi	arise
ngrihen	SET UP
ngrihenë	stand up
ngriheni	Lift
ngrihesh	rise
ngrihëshë	lift
ngriheshim	get up
ngriheshin	rise
ngriheshitë	get up
ngrihet	rises
ngrihetë	get up
ngrihi	get up
ngrihishtë	stand up
ngrihnë	rise
ngrihni	lift
ngrihu	Arise
ngrihuni	Arise
ngrij	congeal
ngrija	harden
ngrije	Raise
ngrijeni	lift
Ngriji	Raise
Ngrijini	Raise
ngrijn	freeze
ngrijnë	freeze
ngrijta	I froze.
ngrijte	get up
ngrijti	froze
ngrijtinë	the rise
ngrijtitë	the risings
ngrijturë	frozen
ngrimë	our breath froze
ngrin	freeze
ngrini	Lift
ngrinin	lifted
ngrinit	pitch
ngrinte	raise
ngriri	freeze
ngrit	RISEN
ngrita	lifted
ngrite	Raise
ngritë	Rise
ngritëkeshe	lifter
ngritëm	raised
ngritëme	lift
ngritën	up
ngritët	RAISED
ngriti	lifted
ngritja	LODGING
ngritje	CAPACITY
ngritjen	RAISE
ngritjes	ESTABLISHING
ngritmë	lift me up
ngritnë	lift up
ngritsha	I got up.
ngrittë	would wake
ngritun	BUILT
ngritunë	we got up
ngritunit	rising
ngritunitë	uprisings
ngritur	RAISING
ngritura	RAISED
ngrituratë	raise it
ngriturë	raised
ngriturit	lifting
ngrituritë	elevations
ngriu	froze
ngrodhnjënë	morning glory
ngrof	bury
ngrofei	buried
ngrofeshinë	warm up
ngrofëtë	deep-fried
ngrofi	bury
ngrofunë	they drowned
ngroh	heat
ngrohç	heat
ngrohe	Refresh
ngrohë	heat
ngrohej	heated
ngrohem	warm
ngrohen	heated
Ngrohënë	Warm up
ngroheshin	warming
ngrohet	heat
ngrohetë	warm up
ngrohëtë	warm
ngrohëtitë	warmth
ngrohi	warmed
ngrohishnë	warm
ngrohta	WARM
ngrohtë	warmly
ngrohtësi	warmth
ngrohuni	warm up
ngrohur	heat
ngrunit	you are standing
ngrys	scowl
ngrysej	sundown
ngrysenë	dusk
ngryset	overcloud
ngryste	the evening
ngrysunit	dusk
ngrysur	Frowning
ngrysurit	the dusk
ngujuar	isolated
ngujuarve	sheepfolds
ngul	HAMMER
ngula	thrust
ngulç	stump
ngule	thrust
ngulë	thrust
ngulëjesë	persistence
ngulëjevet	the insistences
ngulën	fastening
ngulët	obsessive
nguletë	stubborn
nguli	pressed
ngulimeve	imprints
ngulimit	settlement
ngulin	They set
ngulit	imprint
ngulitësh	Repeat
ngulitur	Implanting
ngulm	tenacity
ngulmim	perseverance
ngulmin	patience
ngulmojë	Assist
ngulmojnë	continue
ngulmon	insists
Ngulmoni	Persevere.
ngulmonin	persisting
ngulmosh	persevere
ngulmuar	Perseverance
ngulmues	assiduous
ngulmuese	assiduous
ngulnë	persistent
ngulni	earnestly
ngulnin	insistently
ngultas	fixedly
ngulte	plunge
ngulunë	persistent
ngulur	INTENTLY
ngulura	embedded
ngulurë	persistent
ngulurit	stubborn
nguq	snort
nguqej	I was stuck.
nguroi	stopped short
nguron	hesitates
nguronenë	hesitate
ngurrim	reluctance
ngurrimi	reluctance
ngurro	hesitate
ngurroi	hesitated
ngurrojnë	reluctant
ngurron	Hesitation
ngurroni	free
ngurronin	loth
ngurronit	linger
ngurronte	hesitated
ngurrova	I hesitated
ngurruar	hesitated
ngurtë	STARK
ngurtësim	solidification
ngurtësimin	petrifying
ngurtësimit	hardening
ngurtësinë	hardness
ngurtësisë	rigidity
ngurtëso	harden
ngurtësohen	petrify
ngurtësoheshin	hardened
ngurtësohet	harden
ngurtësoi	hardened
ngurtësoj	harden
ngurtëson	hardens
ngurtësoni	harden
ngurtësua	hardened
ngurtësuan	hardened
ngurtësuar	hardened
ngushëllim	consolation
ngushëllime	condolences
ngushëllimet	condolences
ngushëllimi	CONDOLENCE
ngushëllimin	consolation
ngushëllimit	consolation
ngushëllimtarë	condolence
ngushëlloftë	may it comfort you
ngushëllohem	comforted
ngushëllohemi	comforted
ngushëllohen	comforted
ngushëlloheni	comforted
ngushëllohet	comforted
ngushëllohuni	comforted
ngushëlloi	consoled
ngushëlloj	console
ngushëllojë	console
ngushëllojeni	comfort him
ngushëllojmë	Comforting
ngushëllojnë	console
ngushëllon	comforts
ngushëllonej	console
ngushëllonetë	comforters
ngushëlloni	console
ngushëllonin	console
ngushëllonjç	comforter
ngushëllonjë	consolation
ngushëllonte	comforters
ngushëllosh	console
ngushëllova	comforted
ngushëllove	consoled
ngushëllua	consoled
ngushëlluam	comforted
ngushëlluan	consoled
ngushëlluar	Console
ngushëlluem	comforted
ngushëllues	consolatory
ngushëlluesi	the comforter
ngushëlluesit	Comforter
ngusht	closely
ngushta	CONFINED-
ngushtë	closely
ngushti	narrowest
ngushtica	distresses
ngushtice	distress
ngushticë	strait
ngushticës	strait
ngushtim	shrinking
ngushtimi	narrowing
ngushtimit	narrowing
ngushtojnë	narrow
ngushtuar	narrow
ngushullim	comfort
ngushullime	condolences
ngushullimet	condolences
ngushullimevet	condolences
ngushullimi	consolation
ngushullimin	consolation
ngushulliminë	consolation
ngushullimit	consolation
ngushullimt	condolences
Ngushullimtar	Comforter
ngushullimtarë	comforters
Ngushullimtari	The Comforter
ngushullin	comfort
ngushulloftë	may it comfort you
ngushullohemi	we console ourselves
ngushullohenë	they are comforted
ngushullohi	console him/her
ngushulloi	consoled
ngushulloishim	we were comforted
ngushullojë	console
ngushullojënë	console
ngushullon	comforts
ngushulloni	console
ngushullonj	I console you.
ngushullonjë	consolation
ngushullonjënë	consolation
ngushullove	you consoled
ngushullua	consoled
ngushullue	comforter
ngushulluem	comforted
ngushulluenë	comforted
ngushullumë	comfort
ngushullushë	comforter
ngusiem	we are busy
ngusinë	the hustle and bustle
nguste	narrow
ngut	hurry
ngutenë	hurry
ngutet	hasty
ngutetë	hurry
nguti	hurry
ngutnë	hurry
ngutshme	pressing
nguttë	hurry
ngutunë	hurry
ngysh	squeeze
ni	start
niani	you are welcome
Nibhazin	Nebahaz
Nibshani	Nibshan
niegullë	nigella
nierës	daughter-in-law
nierëzëve	girls
nierëzevet	girls
nierëzëvet	girls
nierëzia	humanity
nierëzie	humanity
nierëzin	the woman
nierëzish	people
nierëzisht	humanely
nierëzit	people
nierëzitë	the people
nieri	man
nierin	differentiate humans
nierinë	the world
nieriu	the world
nieriut	the person
Niger	Niger
Nigjer	Niger
nijet	intention
nijeti	intention
Nikanoranë	Nicanorans
Nikanorin	Nicanor
Nikodem	Nicodemus
Nikodemi	Nicodemus
Nikodhimo	Nicodemus
Nikodhimoi	Nicodemus
Nikolaitëtishin	Nicolaitan
nikolaitëve	Nicolaitane
Nikolaitëvet	Nicolaitans
Nikolanë	Nicolas
Nikollaitet	Nicolaitan
Nikollën	Nicolaus
Nikollënë	Nikola
Nikopojë	Nicopolis
Nikopol	Nikopol
Nikopola	Nikopol
Nikopolë	Nikopol
Nikopoli	Nicopolis
Nil	Nile
Nili	Nilotic
Nilit	Nile
Nimfain	Nympha
Nimfait	Nymphaeum
Nimrahi	Nimrah
Nimrahu	Nimrah
Nimrahun	Nimrah
Nimrimësë	Nimrimë
Nimrimit	Nimrim
Nimrodi	Nimrod
Nimrodit	Nimrod
Nimshit	Namsi
Ninevi	Nineveh
Ninevinë	Nineveh
Ninevisë	Nineveh
Ninevitë	Nineveh
Ninevitet	Nineveh
Ninevitët	Nineveh
Ninfait	Ninfait
Ninive	Nineveh
niniveas	Nineveh
niniveasit	Nineveh
Niniveja	Nineveh
Niniven	Nineveh
Ninivenë	Nineveh
Ninivës	Nineveh
Ninivesë	Nineveh
nip	grandson
nipa	grandchildren
nipën	grandson
nipër	grandchildren
nipërit	grandchildren
nipi	NEPHEW
nipnë	grandson
niprit	grandson
Nireut	Nireu
Niriut	Niriut
nis	start
nisa	started
nisanit	Nisan
nise	Launch
nisë	NICE
nisej	WAS
nisëja	I was leaving.
nisëjat	the beginnings
nisëje	start
nisëjë	start
nisëjënë	start
nisem	start off
nisëm	We start off
nisemi	SAIL
nisen	depart
nisën	launched
nisenë	they set off
niseni	Initialize
nisesh	depart
nisësh	launch
niseshim	start off
niseshin	depart
niset	GOES
nisët	lift off
nishan	birthmark
nishane	blotchy
nishanë	mole
nishanet	MARK
nishanetë	moles
nishani	mole
nishanit	Nishani
nisi	launched
nisia	Nisin
nisiet	start
nisin	launch
nisinë	start
nisisë	departure
nisitë	initiate
nisja	departure
nisjë	start
Nisjëmë	Let's go.
nisjen	ENTRY
nisjënë	start
nisjes	Departures
nism	initiative
nismën	INITIATIVE
nisnë	they start
nisni	start
nisnin	begin
Nisrok	Nisrok
Nisrokut	Nisroch
nissi	start
niste	begin
nistë	NIST
nisu	Depart
nisuni	go away
nisur	GOING
nisura	launched
nisurat	the launches
nisurë	started
nisurit	initiates
nisuritë	the beginnings
nitrët	nitrates
nj	a
nja	some
njallaj	alive
Njana	Njane
njanënë	aside
njani	who
njanit	Njani
nje	a
njëanshëm	sided
njef	household
njëfarë	certain
njegullë	snow
njeh	RECOGNIZES
njëherë	once
njëherësh	simultaneously
njehsohet	host
njëit	made some of them
njëjt	ences
njëjta	SAME
njëjtat	SAME
njëjtave	the same
njëjtë	SAME
njëjtën	SAME
njëjtënë	the same
njëjtës	SAME
njëjti	SAME
njëjtin	SAME
njëjtit	SAME
njëkohësisht	at the same time
njëlloj	equally
njëllojta	like unto
njëllojtë	uniform
njëmbëdhietë	eleventh
njëmbëdhjeta	eleventh
njëmbëdhjetë	eleven
njëmbëdhjetët	the eleventh
njëmbëdhjetëtë	the eleventh
njëmbëdhjetëtinë	eleventh
njëmbëdhjetëve	eleven
njëmbëdhjeti	eleven
njëmbëdhjetinë	the eleventh
Njëmend	Indeed
njëmijë	THOUSAND
njëmijëve	thousand
njëmijtë	millenary
njëpasnjëshme	CONSECUTIVE
njëqind	HUNDRED
njëqindenjëzet	hundred
njëqindfish	hundredfold
njëqindtën	hundredth
njëqindvjeçar	centenary
njëqint	one hundred
njera	people
njëra	one
njërën	one
njërënë	one
njerës	either,
njërës	one
njërësë	one
njerëz	people
njerëze	human
njerëzet	people
njerëzetë	humanity
njerëzevet	people
njerëzëvet	people
njerëzia	men
njerëzimit	mankind
njerëzinë	mankind
njerëzisë	mankind
njerëzish	courteously
njerëzisht	courteously
njerëzishtë	humane
njerëzit	people
njerëzitë	The men
njerëzllëk	humanity
njerëzor	human
njerëzore	HUMAN
njerëzorë	human
njerëzve	people
njeri	man
njëri	Said one
njerin	man
njërin	man
njerinë	humanity
njërinë	oneness
njërit	man
njeriu	man
njeriun	man
njeriut	HUMAN
njerkën	stepmother
njësh	ace
njësoj	EQUALLY
njëvjeçar	ANNUAL
njëzëri	with one voice
njezërve	people
njëzet	twenty
njëzetë	twenty
njëzeteditë	twenty-day
njëzetedyti	twentieth
njëzetegjashtëtë	twenty-sixth
njëzetekatërt	twenty
njëzetekatërtë	twenty-fourth
njëzetekatërti	twentieth
njëzetenjë	twenty-one
njëzetenjëtë	twenty
njëzetenjëti	twentieth
njëzetepesëtë	twenty-fifth
njëzetepestë	twenty
njëzeteshtatë	twenty-seven
njëzeteshtatëtë	twenty-seventh
njëzetët	twentieth
njëzetëtë	twentieth
njëzetetetëtë	twenty-eighth
njëzetetretë	twenty
njëzetetreti	twentieth
njëzetëve	twenty
njëzeti	twentieth
njëzetme	twentieth
nji	greetings
njī	one
njiana	way
njianënë	on the way
njiani	way
njianin	the way
njianinë	the world
njianit	my friend
njierës	person
njierëz	person
njierëze	people
njierëzet	twenty people
njierëzish	people
njierëzit	people
njierëzitë	humanity
njierëzvet	people
njieri	man
njierin	the person
njierinë	humanity
njieriu	man
njieriut	humanity
Njif	FIU
njifet	is in present
njifetë	the little ones
njih	Know
njihe	Know
njihej	known
njihem	look through
njihen	ACCESS
njihenë	known
njiherë	once
njihesh	courtship
njiheshin	known
njihet	kNOWN
njihetë	acquaintance
njihi	Know
njihinë	acquaintance
njihja	I knew
njihje	knew
njihnë	they know
njihni	know
njihnim	knew
njihnin	knew
njihnit	knew
njihnje	acquaintance
njihte	KNEW
njizet	twenty-one
njofish	know
njoftim	announcement
njoftime	announcements
njofto	Notify
njoftohen	Announced
njoftohet	notified
njoftoi	reported
njoftoj	tell
njoftojani	Tell
njoftojë	TELL
njoftojini	Inform
njoftojmë	announce
njoftojnë	INFORM
njofton	notifies
njoftoni	INFORM
njoftonin	announce
njoftosh	tell the
njoftua	announced
njoftuan	announced
njoftuar	NOTICE
njoftuari	speaking
njoftunit	announcement
njoh	KNOW
njoha	I knew
njohç	know
njohe	Know
njohë	recognize
njohëja	get acquainted
njohëjë	recognize
njohëjësë	connoisseur
njohëm	meet you
njohëmë	we met
njohën	recognized
njohënë	they knew
njohës	connoisseur
njohësh	know
njohët	knew
njohëtë	acquaintances
njohim	know
njohin	recognize
njohja	know
njohje	recognition
njohjen	RECOGNITION
njohjes	recognition
njohm	we know
njohmë	we met
njohn	know
njohnë	recognize
njohsh	to know
njohtë	njohte
njohu	recognized
njohur	recognized
njohura	popular
njohurë	recognized
njohurësë	acquaintance
njohuri	knowledge
njohuria	knowledge
njohurie	knowledge
njohurinë	knowledge
njohurisë	knowledge
njohurish	knowledge
njohurit	RECOGNIZING
njohuritë	kNOWLEDGE
njohurve	acquaintances
njoll	stain
njolla	STAIN
njollat	STUBBORN STAINS
njollë	stain
njollës	spot
njollos	stain
njollosa	stained
njollosësh	cause the
njolloset	tarnished
njollosim	staining
njollosur	tainted
njom	OSU
njoma	green
njomë	green
njomësohen	become tender
njomëzak	a gentle
njomur	stained
nju	NEW
njumë	we
Noadiah	Noadiah
Noadiahu	Noadiah
Noah	Noah
Nob	Noob
Nobah	Nobah
Nobahu	Nobah
Nobahut	Nobah
Nobin	Nobi
Nod	Node
nodabëve	Nodab
Nodhit	Nod
Noe	Noah
Noea	Noah
Noeja	NOAH
Noenë	Noah
Noes	Ark
Noesë	Ark
Noeu	Noah
Noeun	Noah
Noeut	Noah
Nof	Memphis
Nofah	Nofah
Nofësë	Nofès
Nofi	Memphis
Nofit	Memphis
nofull	jaw
nofullat	jaw
nofullatë	jaw
nofullën	jaw
nofullët	jaws
Nogahu	Nogah
Nohahu	Nohah
Noi	Noah
noimë	name
Noin	Noin
noisjë	noise
noisnë	noise
Noit	Noi
nom	noun
nomdhënësi	the giver
nomè	name
nomet	noma
nometë	nome
nomi	noun
nomin	genome
nominë	Nominet
nomit	Nomi
nomn	noun
nomnë	noun
nomotheti	nomothetic
nomt	name
norma	norm
normave	NORMS
normë	RATE
normës	RATE
not	swimming
notari	swimmer
noti	swimming
notia	swimming
notisë	notice
notoja	swim
noton	float
notonin	swimmers
notuar	swim
nozullime	victuals
nozullimet	furnishing
nozullimin	the nozullim
Nr	No.
Nrerit	Ner
ntrash	inside
nuhasin	smell
nuhat	nuzzle
nuhatja	SMELL
nuhaturit	smell
nuk	NOT
nukë	Nuke
numër	number
numëratë	number
numërë	number
numeri	number
numëri	FULL
numerike	DIGITAL
numërim	counting
numërin	FULL
numërit	FULL
numëro	count
numëroft	numerous
numëroftë	let it count
numërohen	are counted
numërohenë	are counted
numëroheshin	counted
numërohet	counted
numërohetë	counted
numëroi	counted
numëroj	count
numëroja	count
numëroje	count it
numërojë	count
numërojini	count the
numërojmë	count
numëron	counts
numëronenë	count down
numëronet	count
numëronetë	number
numëroni	count
numëronin	count
numëronj	I count.
numëronjç	count
numëronje	count it
numëronjë	number
numëronte	count
numërosh	count
numëru	number
numërua	reckoned
numëruam	counted
numëruan	counted
numëruanë	they counted
numëruar	count
numëruara	counted
numëruarë	counted
numëruarët	the numbered ones
numëruashë	I counted.
numëruatë	count them
numërue	count
numëruem	counted
numëruenë	counted
numrat	numbers
numri	Number
numrin	number
numrit	number
Nun	godfather
Nuni	godfather
Nunit	Nun
nur	grace
nuri	light
nuse	bride
nusea	bride
nuseja	the bride
nuseje	the bride
nusen	bride
nusenë	bride
nusërisë	bridal shower
nuses	The bride
nusesë	bride
nuset	brides
nuseve	brides
nusia	NUSI
nusja	bride
nxe	seat
nxë	seat
nxehei	heat up
nxehej	get angry
nxehëtë	hot
nxëhëtë	hot
nxehëtit	the heat
nxehëtitë	the heat
nxehnë	heat
nxehta	heated
nxehtë	hot
nxehtësi	heat
nxehtësia	heat
nxehtësisë	heat
nxehti	heat
nxehtin	heat
nxehtit	heat
nxemë	we got angry
nxen	takes a wide range
nxenë	contain him
nxënë	LEARN
nxeni	help in working out
nxenjë	student
nxënjë	learn
nxetë	hot for
nxetët	hot
nxetit	heat
nxi	blackened
nxier	conceiving
nxierë	blackened
nxierr	take out
nxierrç	scold
nxierrë	blackened
nxierrënë	blackened
nxierrënjë	black root
nxierrëtë	black people
nxierri	blackened
nxierrimë	blackening
nxierrin	take out
nxierrinë	blackness
nxierrit	extract
nxierrsh	black
nxierrsha	I'm leaving.
nxierrtë	black
nxihetë	black
nxij	tarnish
nxijinë	blackness
nxijnë	blacken
nxijshinë	blackness
nxin	blackens
nxinë	darkened
nxinte	fit in
nxir	smoky
nxira	blackened
nxire	Remove the
nxirë	smoky
nxiret	extracted
nxiretë	black smoke
nxiri	blacken
nxirinë	black
nxiritë	blackened
nxirmë	blackening
nxirni	would force
nxirr	APPLY
nxirre	Draw
nxirrej	extracted
nxirren	drawn
nxirreni	Bring
nxirreshin	they brought
nxirret	LEAVING
Nxirri	Bring
Nxirrini	Bring out
nxirrja	forth
nxirrmë	Pluck me
nxirrni	Take
nxirrnin	Take
nxirrnit	torn out
nxirrte	reveal
nxirte	blackened
nxis	urge
nxisë	URGE
nxish	incite
nxisim	We urge
nxisin	encourage
nxisje	warned them
nxisni	Encourage
nxisnin	encourage
nxiste	encouraged
nxit	MOTIVATED
nxita	I urged
nxitë	encourage
nxiten	Stirred
nxitën	encouraged
nxitesh	motivated
nxiti	Urge
nxitim	hurry
nxitimi	acceleration
nxitimit	acceleration
nxitja	Promotion
nxitje	INCENTIVE
nxitjen	PROMOTION
nxitjes	PROMOTION
nxitni	Encourage
nxito	hurry
nxitofsha	I was in a hurry.
nxitoi	hastened
nxitoimë	we hurried
nxitoj	hurry
nxitojë	hurry
nxitojem	hurry up
nxitojëm	hurry
nxitojmë	hastening
nxitojnë	rush
nxiton	Rushing
nxitoneç	hasty
nxitonej	hurry up
nxitonenë	hurry up
nxitonetë	hasty
nxitoni	Hurry
nxitoninë	haste
nxitonjë	hurry up
nxitonjënë	hurry up
nxitonte	hastening
Nxitou	Hurry up.
nxitova	I hurried
nxitua	hurry
nxituan	rushed
nxituanë	they rushed
nxituar	hasty
nxituara	hasty
nxituarë	hasty
nxituem	we rushed
nxitumë	hurry up
nxitur	MOVED
nxitura	promoted
nxjer	sentest
nxjerç	take out
Nxjere	draw strong
nxjerë	extraction
nxjerëm	we took out
nxjerënë	extracted
nxjerëtë	take out
nxjerr	ADOPTED
nxjerrë	LEARNED
nxjerrësh	draw
nxjerrim	BRINGS
nxjerrin	out
nxjertë	take out
nxor	extruded
nxora	I brought
nxore	brought
nxorën	brought
nxorët	you brought
nxori	brought
Nxrirrmë	Take me out
nxuarë	learned
nxuarëm	we took out
nxuarm	take out
nxuarnë	learned
nxuarrë	taken out
nxuartë	learned
nxuer	taken out
nxuerëm	we took out
nxuerm	taken out
nxuernë	taken out
nxur	black
nxurnë	out
nyja	node
nyjat	node
nyjave	Knot
nyjet	joints
nyjeve	joints
Nymfasë	Nymphs
o	oh
Obadiah	Obadiah
Obadiahu	Obadiah
Obadiahut	Obadiah
Obali	Obal
Obed	Obed
Obedi	Obed
Obedit	Obed
Obili	Obil
objekt	object
objektesh	objects
objektet	FACILITIES
objekteve	FACILITIES
objektin	FACILITY
obobo	Alas
oborr	yard
oborre	yards
oborret	courts
oborreve	yard
oborri	Courtyard
oborrin	court
oborrinë	the courtyard
oborrit	court
Oboth	Oboth
Obothi	Oboth
Oded	Oded
Odedit	Oded
Ofeli	hill
Ofelin	Ophel
Ofelit	Ophel
oferta	Offers
ofertash	offerings
ofertat	OFFERS
ofertave	OFFERS
oferte	offer
ofertë	supply
ofertën	OFFER
ofertës	BID
oficer	officer
oficerë	officers
oficerët	officer
oficerëve	officer
oficeri	OFFICER
ofiqetë	offices
Ofir	Ophir
ofiri	Ophir
Ofirit	Ophir
Ofni	Offer
Ofrah	Ophrah
Ofrahu	Ophrah
Ofrahun	Ophrah
Ofrahut	Ophrah
ofrimi	DELIVERY
ofro	Offer
ofrohej	provided
ofrohen	PROVIDED
ofrohet	Available
ofroi	offered
ofroj	offer
ofroja	offer it
ofroje	offer it
ofrojë	PROVIDE
ofroji	offer them
ofrojmë	OFFER
ofrojnë	offer
ofron	OFFERS
ofroni	LEND
ofronin	offered
ofronit	you offer
ofronte	offer
ofrosh	offer
ofrova	offered
ofrove	you supplied
ofruan	offered
ofruar	PROVIDED
ofruara	PROVIDED
ofruari	offering
ofshaj	moan
ofshamë	groan
ofshamës	groaning
Oglahut	hoglah
Ogu	Og
Ogun	Ogun
Ogunë	Ogun
Ogut	Og
oh	oh
Ohadi	Ohad
Oheli	Ohel
Oholaha	Oholaha
Oholahën	Oholah
Oholiabi	Oholiab
Oholiabin	Ooliab
Oholiabit	Oho'liab
Oholibaha	Oholibah
Oholibahën	Oholibah
Oholibamah	Oholibamah
Oholibamahën	Oolibama
Oholibamahës	Oolibama
Oholibamahu	Oholibamah
Oj	Oh
Okranit	Ocran
oktavë	octave
okularë	eyewitness
Olimbait	Olympic
Olimpës	Olympas
Olimpin	Olympia
olokastin	burnt offering
Olymbaut	Olympus
Omar	Omar
Omari	Omar
Omarit	Omar
Omega	Omega
Omegaja	Omega
Omegajanë	Omegas
omer	Omer
omerë	omers
omeri	Umar
omerin	Umar
omerinë	Omerin
omologji	homology
Omri	Omri
Omrin	Omri
Omrit	Omri
omuth	depth
omuthi	egg
omuthnë	omuthne
ona	they
Onami	Onam
Onamit	Onam
Onan	Onan
Onani	Onan
Onanit	Onan
onat	it
onatë	onate
onë	One
Onesiforit	Onesiphorus
Onesimi	Onesimus
Onesimiishte	Onesimus
Onesimin	Onesimus
Onesiminë	Onesimus
Onesimit	Onesimus
oni	you
oniks	onyx
onikse	onyx
oniksi	onyx
oniksin	onyx
oniksit	onyx
Onin	ns
Onisiforit	Onesiphorus
Onisimoit	Onesimus
Onisimonë	Onesimus
Onit	Heliopolis
Ono	Oh, oh
Onon	Ono
Onos	Ono
opingavet	opingavets
oqeane	oceans
ora	Time
orakujt	oracles
orakujve	oracles
orakull	oracle
orakulli	The burden
orakullin	parable
orator	speaker
orcoftë	orc
ordhi	barley
ordhini	order
ordhinjasurë	ordinarius
ore	HOURS
orë	hour
Orebi	Oreb
Orebin	Oreb
Orebit	Oreb
Oregimit	Oregami
oreks	appetite
oreksi	appetite
oreksn	appetite
orën	HOURS
orendi	FURNITURE
orëndi	hour
orendie	furniture of
orendit	furnishings
orenditë	FURNISHINGS
orendive	furnishings
orënë	Hour
Oreni	Oren
orës	HOUR
orësë	hour
orët	hours
organ	body
organa	bODIES
organavet	organs
organë	bODIES
organet	BODIES
organizuar	ORGANIZED
orgji	orgy
origjina	origin
origjinal	original
origjinale	the original
origjinat	The origins
origjinë	origin
orihalk	orihalk
orihallk	gold
orihallko	gold
Orionin	Orion
Orionit	ORION
Orivë	Oriva
ornament	decoration
ornamente	ornaments
Ornani	Ornan
Ornanit	Ornan
Orosë	Orosa
Orpah	Orpah
Orpahu	Orpah
orqisjëmë	let's go
ortagjia	ortagia
ortak	partner
ortë	oft
orvat	attempted
orvatën	attempt
orvatje	effort
orvatjen	bid
orvatur	attempted
Osahut	Hosah
osana	hosanna
Osanna	Hosanna
ose	OR
Osea	Hosea
Oseas	Hosea
Oseesë	Osee
oshëtima	resounding
oshëtimë	resounding
oshëtimën	the sound
oshëtimës	echoes
oshëtimët	the sounds
oshtima	the noise
Osienë	Ossienė
Osnapar	Osnapar
ote	you
otea	otea
Othni	Othni
Othnieli	Othniel
Othnielin	Othniel
Othnielit	Othniel
Otsemi	Ozem
Ovidhi	Ovid
Ovidhit	Ovid
Ovidhnë	Ovid
oviskat	oviscat
oviskë	ovisca
oxhak	CHIMNEY
oxhaku	chimney
Ozia	Uzziah
Oziahësë	Ozias
Ozianë	Ozians
Ozias	Uzziah
Ozisë	Uzziah
Ozni	Ozni
oznitëve	Oznites
p	p
pa	without
paafëruarë	unapproachable
paafrueshime	incompatibilities
paafrueshme	unapproachable
paaftë	INCOMPETENT
paanësi	impartiality
paanësia	impartiality
paanësinë	IMPARTIALITY
paanshme	impartially
paanshmëri	indifference
Paarai	Paarai
paarrirë	figs
paarsyeshëm	unreasonable
paarsyeshme	Peterborough
pabamë	unmade
pabanuar	Residential
pabanuara	Residential
pabejendisurë	disobedient
pabërë	underdone
pabesa	treacherous
pabesë	backhand
pabesëni	infidelity
pabesëniatë	infidels
pabesëniavet	infidelity
pabesënie	infidelity
pabesënin	the infidel
pabesëninë	infidelity
pabesënis	infidelity
pabesënisë	infidelity
pabesënit	the infidels
pabesëri	infidelity
pabesëria	infidelity
pabesërie	infidelity
pabesërin	the infidel
pabesërisë	infidelity
pabesërit	the infidels
pabesësë	infidelity
pabesësh	treacherous
pabesët	wicked
pabesëtë	unfaithful
pabesëve	wicked
pabesëvet	the infidels
pabesi	infidelity
pabesia	Infidelity
pabesie	wickedness
pabesiminë	distrust
pabesin	wicked
pabesinë	ungodliness
pabesisë	treachery
pabesisht	perfidiously
pabesit	wicked
pabesitë	faithlessness
pabesllëk	infidelity
pabesllëkn	infidelity
pabesllëknë	infidelity
pabesllëku	infidelity
pabesllëkut	infidelity
pabesuarë	unbelievers
pabesueme	unbelievable
pabesueshme	UNBELIEVABLE
pabindëmesë	disobedient
pabindudrë	disobedient
pabindunë	disobedient
pabindunit	disobedience
pabindur	disobedient
pabindurë	disobedient
pabindurit	the disobedient
pabinduritë	disobedience
pabraktisur	forsaken
pabrume	unwashed
pabrumë	dirt
pabrumëjevet	the unsavory
pabrumëna	unleavened bread
pabrumëvet	the undead
pabrumietë	unsightly
pabrumievet	unscrupulous
pabulmetme	dairy-free
pabulmime	unsettled
paç	Good
paça	If I
paçamuret	unpaved
paçë	PACE
paçëmuara	priceless
paçëmuaratë	priceless
paçëmuaret	priceless
pacenuar	pristine
paçi	Good
paçim	Let us find
paçimë	priceless
paçimuarë	unfounded
paçimueshim	unfoundedness
paçin	apple
paçinë	peace
pacipë	cheeky
paçkëputurë	unbroken
paçmuara	priceless
paçmuarë	priceless
paçqiturë	unborn
Padam	Padam
Padan	Pada
Padani	Padan
padashunë	unintentionally
padashur	unwittingly
padashurë	unintentionally
padashuri	involuntary
Paddan	Padan
padëgjuar	unheard
padëgjueshëm	inaudible
padenjë	Unworthy
padenjësisht	unworthily
padënuar	convicted
padepërtueshëm	impenetrable
padepërtueshme	inscrutable
padëshiruar	unwanted
padhëmburë	toothless
padhimtshim	indifference
padhoqimi	absence
padi	suit
padie	lawsuit
padigjuarë	uncivilized
padigjuaritë	injustices
padija	ignorance
padije	IGNORANT
padijen	ignorance
padijes	ignorance
padijturë	ignorant
padijturet	the ignorant
padijturit	the ignorant
padijturitë	ignorance
padinë	SUIT
padis	sue
padisë	CHARGE
padisim	sue
padisin	sue
padisni	sue
padisnin	accuse him
padiste	sue
padit	sue
paditë	ACTIONS
paditëmenë	defendant
paditëmesë	plaintiff
paditemi	sue
paditën	indicted
Paditeni	Denounce
paditës	prosecutor
paditësi	plaintiffs
paditësit	Claimants
paditësve	claimants
paditi	indicted
paditin	accuse him
paditini	sue
paditni	accuse him
paditnin	accusers
paditshim	unexpectedly
paditshimevet	indictments
paditshimit	indictment
paditun	defendant
paditunë	defendant
paditunit	defendant
paditunitë	lawsuits
paditur	indicted
padituri	RESPONDENT
padituria	ignorance
paditurisë	ignorance
paditurit	respondent
paditurve	Respondents
padobi	worthless
padobisë	inflexibility
padobishëm	useless
padobishme	useless
Padonit	Padon
padrejta	unfair
padrejtë	UNFAIR
padrejtësi	injustice
padrejtësia	injustice
padrejtësie	injustice
padrejtësinë	unrighteousness
padrejtësisë	injustice
padrejtësisht	unduly
padrejtësitë	INJUSTICE
padrejtët	UNRIGHTEOUS
padrejtëve	unrighteous
padrejti	unrighteous
padreqëzi	injustice
padrones	mistress
padroni	lord
padronit	goodman
padukshëm	invisible
padukshme	invisible
padukshmet	unseen
padukshmin	Unseen
padukshmit	Unseen
padukuna	padukone
padukuninë	indifference
padukunit	invisible
padukura	unseen
padukurë	invisible
padukurinë	the phenomenon
padurim	eagerness
paduruar	impatient
paduruarinë	impatience
padyshim	DEFINITELY
paepur	Stiff
pafaj	innocent
pafajë	innocent
pafajësi	innocence
pafajësinë	innocence
pafaji	innocence
pafajit	innocent
pafajm	innocent
pafajminë	innocence
pafajmit	innocent
pafajshëm	GUILTY
pafajshme	innocent
pafajshmëve	innocents
pafajshmi	innocent
pafajshmin	innocent
pafajshmit	innocent
pafajsinë	innocence
pafajtë	innocent
pafal	unforgivable
pafalshëm	unforgivable
pafçi	peace
pafe	atheist
Pafë	Paphos
pafejuar	betrothed
pafëlliqurë	dirty
pafërkuarë	unwashed
Pafësë	Untouchable
pafetë	infidel
pafeun	infidel
pafeve	infidels
pafishkur	fadeth not away
pafismet	tribalism
pafisshimet	the infinitives
pafjalë	speechless
pafjetuna	insomnia
pafjetura	watchings
pafleturë	sleepless
Pafo	Paphos
Pafoja	Paphos
pafoluna	unspoken
paforcuem	unfortified
paforcueshimit	weakness
Pafosi	Paphos
pafrikë	fearlessness
pafrikëshim	fearlessness
pafryt	fruitless
pafrytshëm	fruitless
pafrytshme	Inconclusive
pafsh	And see
pafsha	bear to see
pafshi	behold the
pafshin	behold the
pafshinë	without a broom
paft	enough
paftë	plate
Pafua	Paphos
pafund	ENDLESS
pafundëjes	infinity
pafundëjesë	infinity
pafuqi	impotence
pafuqiçim	helplessness
pafuqishëm	helpless
pafuqishëmitë	weaknesses
pafuqishim	helplessness
pafuqishime	disabilities
pafytyrësi	effrontery
pafytyrësia	licentiousness
paga	SALARY
pagan	pagan
pagane	PAGAN
paganë	heathens
paganësh	pagans
paganët	heathen
paganëve	Gentile
paganin	Pagani
paganit	Pagani
pagat	WAGES
pagatë	salary
page	wage
pagë	PAYMENT ADDED TO SALARY
pagën	pay
pagënë	salary
pagënjeshtrë	untruthful
pagës	SALARY
pagesa	payment
pagesë	payment
pagësë	salary
pagesën	PAYMENT
pagesënë	payment
pagët	salary
pagëtarit	wage earners
pagëtyrën	the misfortune
pagëzë	baptism
pagëzim	christening
pagëzimet	christening
pagëzimevet	baptisms
pagëzimi	baptism
pagëzimin	baptism
pagëziminë	baptism
pagëzimit	baptism
pagëzimn	baptism
pagëzimnë	baptism
pagëzimnnë	baptism
pagëzimt	baptism
pagëzo	baptized
pagëzohej	baptized
pagëzohem	baptized
pagëzohen	baptized
pagëzohenë	are baptized
pagëzoheni	baptized
pagëzohesh	baptized
pagëzoheshin	baptized
pagëzoheshinë	were baptized
pagëzohet	baptized
pagëzohetë	baptized
pagëzohu	baptized
pagëzohuni	baptized
pagëzoi	baptized
pagëzoj	baptize
pagëzojë	baptize
pagëzojini	Baptize
pagëzon	Baptizing
pagëzonej	baptized
pagëzonejnë	baptize
pagëzonem	I was baptized.
pagëzonenë	baptized
pagëzoneni	baptize
pagëzoneshinë	baptism
pagëzoneshnë	baptismal
pagëzonetë	baptismal font
pagëzoni	baptize
pagëzonishnë	baptized
pagëzonte	Baptist
pagëzori	BAPTIST
Pagëzorin	Baptist
Pagëzorinë	Baptism
pagëzorit	Baptist
pagëzou	baptized
pagëzova	baptized
pagëzu	baptized
pagëzua	baptized
pagëzuam	baptized
pagëzuan	baptized
pagëzuanë	baptized
pagëzuar	baptized
pagëzuarë	baptized
pagëzuaritë	baptisms
pagëzuat	baptized
pagëzue	baptized
pagëzuem	baptized
pagëzuenë	baptized
pagëzuetë	baptized
pagëzumë	baptized
Pagieli	Pagiel
Pagielit	Phegiel
pagim	payout
pagjene	poverty
pagjetunë	missing
pagjurmueshme	untraceable
pagjykuar	unjudged
pagoi	paid
pagoja	speechless
pagojë	speechless
pagojëtë	the peasants
pagojinë	the pagoda
pagojit	don't pay
pagolë	pagan
pagolinë	pagolina
pagove	paying the penalty
pagua	pAY
paguaç	payer
paguaj	pay
paguajë	pay
paguajmë	pay
paguajnë	pay
paguan	PAYS
paguanë	pay it
paguani	PAY
paguanin	they paid
paguanj	pay
paguanjç	pay
paguanjë	money
paguanjën	the peacock
paguante	pay
paguar	PAID
paguara	PAID
paguarë	pay
paguash	PAY
paguej	pay
paguem	payment
paguen	paid leave decision
pagueni	pay
paguenia	payment
paguhej	paid
paguhen	PAID
paguhenë	paycheck
paguheshin	paid
paguhet	GIVEN
paguhetë	salary
pah	perspective
Pahath	Pa'hath
pahie	shame
pahijshme	improper
pahijshmet	uncomely
pahile	innocent
pahir	unwillingly
pahulumtueshme	inscrutable
pahymitë	the undead
pajë	dowry
pajën	the dowry
pajetë	lifeless
pajetërë	lifeless
pajime	FITTINGS
pajisa	endow
pajisën	equipped
pajisjet	equipment
pajisur	fitted
pajtim	RECONCILIATION
pajtimi	reconciliation
pajtimin	SUBSCRIPTION
pajtimit	reconciliation
pajtimoren	conciliatory
pajtohen	agree
pajtoheni	agree
pajtohet	agrees
pajtohu	Acquaint
Pajtohuni	Subscribe
pajtoi	reconciled
pajtojë	attune
pajton	phaeton
pajtoni	hearse
pajtonte	reconcile
pajtou	agreed
pajtuam	reconciled
pajtuanë	agreed
pajtuar	Hired
pajtuarë	agreed
pajtuari	reconciliation
pajtues	propitiatory
pajtuese	conciliatory
pajtuesi	conciliator
pajtuesin	propitiatory
pajtuesit	propitiatory
pak	LESS
paka	a little
pakalburë	unpolluted
pakallëzuarë	unannounced
pakapshme	elusive
Pakatianësë	Pakistani
Pakatianisë	Pakistan
pakatigori	the same
pakë	few
pakëconi	reduce
pakënaqur	DISSATISFIED
pakënë	a little
pakeqe	few
pakeqen	not enough
pakeqenë	few
pakeqt	few
pakërkueshime	unclaimed
pakësim	decrease
pakësimi	decrease
pakësohen	reduced
pakësohenë	decrease
pakësoheni	diminished
pakësohet	DECREASE
pakësoi	decreased
pakësoj	understate
pakësojë	downsize
pakësojnë	reduce
pakëson	decreases
pakësonenë	less often
pakësoneshin	were decreasing
pakësonetë	a little bit
pakësoni	reduce
pakësonin	lessen the
pakësosh	Reduce the
pakësove	you decreased
pakësua	reduced
pakësuan	reduced
pakësuanë	decreased
pakësuar	Decreased
pakësuenë	decreased
pakët	Lesser
pakëta	scarce
pakëthyem	we did not return
pakëz	a little bit
pakëzë	a little bit
pakicë	RETAIL
pakicët	minorities
pakonsumuara	reserved
pakot	Packages
pakrasitur	undressed
pakritikueshëm	uncritical
paksetaksura	low-tax
paksijisurë	few
pakta	pact
paktë	Least
paktën	AT LEAST
pakthierë	uncut
pakthierënë	uncut
pakthyer	unconverted
pakthyeshme	refundable
paku	LEAST
pakufishme	boundless
pakufizuar	unlimited
pakujdesëja	carelessness
pakujdesi	carelessness
pakujdesshëm	careless
pakujdesshim	carelessly
pakundërshtueshme	incontestable
pakupëtuara	misunderstood
pakupëtuarë	misunderstood
pakuptimta	nonsense
pakuptueshme	incomprehensible
pakurcierë	short-haired
pakursyem	unsparing
Pal	Paul
pala	side
palaço	harlequin
palaçon	harlequin
Palali	Palali
palame	palm
palara	unwashed
palarë	unwashed
palatuar	hewn
palavi	palaver
palavisë	idleness
palca	marrow
palcave	marrow
palcavet	marrows
palcë	marrow
pale	party
palë	pair
palejmosin	they don't allow
palejueshëm	unwarrantable
palejueshme	UNALLOWABLE
palëkundshëm	firm
palëkundshme	unshakeable
palëkundshmërinë	immovability
palëkundur	FIRM
palën	PARTY
palës	PARTY
Palestina	Palestine
Palestinë	Palestine
Palestinën	Palestine
Palestinënë	Palestine
Palestinës	Palestinian
Palestinësë	Palestine
palestineze	Palestinian
palët	PARTIES
palëtë	the parties
palëve	pARTIES
palëvizshëm	STILL
palëvizshme	STILL
palëvizur	motionless
palëvizura	steady
Pali	Paul
palidhur	unbound
paligja	lawlessness
paligjë	lawlessness
paligjëni	lawlessness
paligjënia	lawlessness
paligjëniat	the iniquities
paligjënie	lawlessness
paligjënin	the lawless
paligjëninë	lawlessness
paligjët	the lawless
paligjëtë	the lawless
paligjëvet	illegals
paligjshëm	illegal
paligjshme	illegal
Palin	Paul
palipsurë	unsettled
Palit	Paul
pallat	palace
pallate	mansions
pallatet	palaces
pallatetë	palace
pallateve	palaces
pallatevet	palaces
pallati	PALACE
pallatin	Palace
pallatit	Palace
pallë	paddle
pallogaritshëm	incalculable
pallogaritshme	incalculable
pallonj	peacocks
Pallu	peacock
palma	palm trees
palmash	palm
palmat	palm trees
palmave	palm
palme	palm
palmë	palm tree
palmën	Palm
palmës	palm tree
Paloni	Paloni
palosç	fold
palosur	folded
Palti	The Palace
Paltiel	Paltiel
Paltit	Palti
Palu	Palu
paluajtura	immobile
paluajturavet	real estate
paluajturë	unsettled
paluajturit	the homeless
palueitëme	palouite
palueitëmenë	palueitemene
palueitunë	palouitune
paluitëve	Phalluites
Palus	Palus
pam	see
pamarangjasurë	unorganized
pamarrë	uncollected
pamartuar	unmarried
pamartuara	unmarried
pamartuarë	unmarried
pamartuari	unmarried
pamartuarit	unmarried
pamartuarve	unmarried
pamartueme	unmarried
pamartuemeja	unmarried
pamartuemi	we are not married
pamasë	Immensely
pambaitëme	unfulfilled
pambaitëmen	the unruly
pambaituna	unfinished
pambajturë	unmaintained
pambrojtur	vulnerable
pambrojtura	vulnerable
pambrujtura	Unleavened
pambrume	unripe
pambukut	Shirt
pambushura	unfilled
pame	Pamet
pamë	Pamet
pamen	Pamet
pamënçimi	innocence
pamençiminë	foolishness
pamend	foolish
pamënd	foolish
pamendë	foolish
pamënde	foolish
pamendi	senseless
pamëndia	foolishness
pamendin	foolish
pamenë	sight
pamëntë	blind
pamëntëvet	fools
pames	through
pamëshirshëm	ruthless
pamëshirshme	ruthless
pamëshirshmit	unholy
pamëshiruar	merciless
pamësuar	unlearned
pamësuarë	unlearned
pameta	wisdom
Pamfili	Pamphylia
Pamfilia	Pamphylia
Pamfiliaishte	Pamphylian
Pamfilisë	Pamphylia
Pamfyli	Pamphylia
Pamfylia	Pamphylia
Pamfylisë	Pamphylia
pami	see
pamiqësi	unfriendliness
pamit	Pam
pamja	appearance
pamje	view
pamjeje	Preview
pamjen	appearance
pamjes	appearance
pamolepsurë	unpolluted
pamposhtur	undefeated
pamundëshimetë	impossibilities
pamundshme	impossible
pamunduarë	effortlessly
pamundur	impossible
pamundurë	impossible
pamuntshime	disabilities
pan	pan
panagjyrë	colorless
pançmuarë	invaluable
pandarë	undivided
pandëgjim	inaudibility
pandëgjimi	inaudibility
pandëgjuemit	the unheard
pandëgjueshim	we were inaudible
pandëgjueshimesë	inaudible
pandëgjueshimit	inaudible
pandëgjueshimivet	inaudible
pandëgjueshmitë	insubordination
pandeh	presuppose
pandehë	defendant
pandehën	surmised
pandehin	thought
pandehnë	defendant
pandehni	suppose
pandehnin	thought
pandehte	thought
pandehu	suspect
pandehur	defendant
pandehurë	defendant
pandëjesë	insensitivity
pandenjurë	inhuman
pander	dishonest
panderçuratë	unfaithful
panderçurë	unbroken
panderëni	don't be afraid
panderëshim	impatience
panderëshime	regrets
pandërgjegjshme	unconscious
pandërprera	unceasing
pandërprerë	CONSISTENT
pandërruarënë	unchanged
pandërruem	unchanged
pandërrueme	unchangeable
pandershëm	dishonest
pandershim	dishonesty
pandershime	dishonesty
pandershme	unfair
pandershmëri	dishonesty
pandershmëve	wily
pandershmi	dishonesty
pandershmit	dishonest
pandëshkuar	impunity
pandigjuarit	the pandiguaris
pandigjueshim	we were deaf
pandime	punishments
pandjeshëm	insensitive
pandjeshme	insensitive
pandohi	do not accuse
pandreqshme	irremediable
pandrequr	discipline
pandryshuar	unchanged
pandryshueshme	Invariant
pandyem	unpainted
pandyme	unimpressed
pandyrë	filthy
panë	pane
paneah	paneah
Paneas	Paneas
panele	panel
panelet	panels
paneleve	panels
panëmëruara	uncountable
panënshtruar	refractory
panevojshëm	needless
panginjurë	dishonest
pangjefëme	incomprehensible
pangjoftunit	unknown
pangjofunë	ignorant
PANGJOFUNINË	IGNORANCE
pangopësinë	greed
pangopësisë	insatiability
pangopur	greedy
pangrënë	uneaten
pangrënët	fasting
pangushëlluar	inconsolable
pangushulluarë	inconsolable
panigjir	unlucky
paniku	panic
panjohshëm	unrecognizable
panjohshme	unsearchable
panjohur	unknown
panjohura	unknown
panjohurë	unknown
panjollë	spotless
panjollosur	unstained
panom	panom
panome	panorama
panomënë	anonymous
panomet	panoramas
panomëtë	nameless
panomi	panorama
panomia	panomia
panomie	panorama
panomin	panomine
panominë	panomania
panomisë	panonomy
panomit	panomi
panomitë	the panomia
panomivet	panomivet
panomtë	anonymous
pantallona	pants
pantallonat	trousers
panumërt	countless
panumërta	countless
panumëruara	uncounted
panumërueshme	countless
panxënëve	five-year-olds
panxha	paw
papaguara	UNPAID
papajtueshëm	incompatible
papandehur	suddenly
papandehuraj	unresponsive
papandehurë	unexpectedly
papaq	papa
papaqtueshim	we disagreed
paparë	unprecedented
papastër	Unholy
papastërti	dirt
papastërtia	uncleanness
papastërtie	uncleanness
papastërtinë	uncleanness
papastërtisë	dirt
papastërtish	uncleanness
papastërtitë	impurities
papastërtive	impurities
papastra	UNCLEAN
papastrës	unclean
papastri	unclean
papastrin	unclean
papastrit	unclean
papastruara	uncleared
papastruaritë	impurities
papasurat	the unclaimed
papasurë	unwashed
papasuritë	impurities
papaturë	unformed
papaturit	the unknown
papëlqyer	UNWANTED
papemë	no picture
papemmë	not enough
papenduar	unrepentant
papenduara	unrepented
papendueshime	unrepentance
papërdëllyershime	mercilessness
papërdëllyershimet	mercilessness
papërdëllyershimi	ruthlessness
papërdëllyeshim	ruthlessness
papërdorshëm	unusable
paperëndi	godlessness
papërfillshme	inconsiderable
papërfillshmet	the insignificant
papërfillshmit	the insignificant
papërfunduar	unfinished
papërfunduara	unfinished
papërgjegjurë	irresponsible
papërlyer	immaculate
papërmbaitunë	unrestrained
papërmbajtshme	Awesome
papërmbajtur	unrestrained
papërshkrueshme	indescribable
papërtueshëm	diligent
papërziem	unmixed
papërzieme	immiscible
papërzier	unalloyed
papërzime	indiscriminate
papiekunë	papiecu
papiekurë	immature
papirusi	papyrus
papjekur	uncooked
papjekura	unroasted
paplotë	incomplete
paprekura	untouched
paprerë	uncut
paprerëvet	the unbroken
papreri	impermanence
papreritë	the gaps
paprishëje	incorruptibility
paprishëjen	incorruptibility
paprishëjenë	incorruptibility
paprishienë	untouched
paprishje	imperishable
paprishjen	imperishable
paprishshëm	imperishable
paprishshmëri	incorruptibleness
paprishunë	unspoiled
paprishurë	unspoiled
paprishurënë	unspoiled
papritmas	SUDDENLY
papritunë	suddenly
papritur	UNEXPECTED
papritura	suddenly
paprovueshim	unprovable
papugame	unpaved
papugamë	parrot
papuna	unemployed
papunë	unemployed
papushtuara	idle
papushtueshëm	stronghold
papushtueshme	impregnable
papushuara	ceaseless
paq	peace
paqcoi	pacified
paqcojënë	peacemaker
paqconejnë	they are peaceful
paqconetë	peacekeepers
paqe	peace
paqë	peace
paqebërësit	peacemakers
paqedashës	Peace-Loving
paqeja	peace
paqeje	peace
paqen	peace
paqëndruara	unstable
paqëndruarë	unstable
paqëndrueshëm	Unsteady
paqëndrueshme	volatile
paqëndrueshmit	unstable
paqënë	null and void
paqepur	uncoated
paqëruara	picked up
paqëruarë	unsettled
paqëruari	the unsettled
paqes	peace
paqesë	Cards accepted
paqësisht	peacefully
paqësor	PACIFIC
paqësore	PEACEKEEPING
paqësorë	peaceable
paqëtim	appeasement
paqi	magistrates
paqia	magistrates
paqindrueme	careless
paqindrueshim	careless
paqiruem	untenanted
paqit	magistrates
paqja	peace
paqme	hearty
paqnë	peace
paqortueshëm	irreproachable
paqortueshme	irreproachable
paqshime	peace
paqsim	peace
paqsimit	peace
paqsimnë	peace
paqtë	peaceable
paqtim	greetings
paqtimi	peace
paqtimin	pacify
paqtiminë	peace
paqtimit	peacekeeping
paqtimn	peace
paqtimnë	peace
paqtimore	peaceful
paqtohenë	they are reconciled
paqtohetë	peace
paqtohi	peace
paqtohu	make peace
paqtoi	reconciled
paqtojë	peacemaker
paqton	pacifies
paqtoni	make peace
paqtonishnë	peaceful
paqtuam	we made peace
paqtuarë	peaceful
paqtuarit	the unlucky ones
paqtuaritë	peacekeeping
paqtuarshim	peaceful
paqtuem	peaceful
paqtuemit	peacemakers
paqtueshim	let's make peace
paqytetëruar	uncivilized
par	first
para	BEFORE
Parà	before
paraardhësit	predecessor
paraardhësve	FOREFATHERS
parabull	parable
parabulla	parable
parabullash	proverb
parabullat	parables
parabullatë	bullpen
parabulle	parable
parabullë	foreshadowing
parabullën	the proverb
parabullënë	the proverb
paracaktoi	predestined
paracaktuar	PREDETERMINED
paradë	parade
paradhis	paradise
Paradhisit	The Parasites
paradhos	foreshadow
paradhosa	I swear
paradhosetë	preposition
paradhosi	foreshadowing
paradhosinë	the predestination
paradhosjë	foreshadow
paradhosjënë	foreshadowing
paradhoste	foreshadow
paradhosura	foreclosed
paradhosurë	foreboding
paradhosurit	the forefathers
paradis	paradise
paradisit	PARADISI
parafisit	paratribes
parafism	preface
parafoli	foretold
paragjykim	bias
paragjykime	prejudice
Parahu	Parah
paraja	money
paraje	cash
parajsa	paradise
parajsë	paradise
parajsën	paradise
parajsës	paradise
parakalesnë	in front of
parakalim	parade
Paraklito	Paraclete
Paraklitoi	Paraclete
paralajmërim	WARNING!
paralajmërime	ANNOUNCEMENTS
paralajmërimet	warnings
Paralajmërimi	Warning
paralajmërimin	the warning
paralajmërimit	warning
paralajmëro	warn
paralajmërohet	warns
paralajmëroi	warned
paralajmëroj	warn
paralajmërojë	forewarn
paralajmëron	cautions
paralajmëronin	warning
paralajmëronte	warning
paralajmërova	foretold
paralajmërua	warning
paralajmëruam	warned
paralajmëruar	WARNED
paralajmëruesit	the warners
paralel	parallel
paralindëje	antenatal
paralindëjesë	prenatal
paralindëjet	antenatal care
paralindëjetë	prenatal life
paralindës	forefather
paralindësi	forefather
paralindësinë	prenatal
paralindësish	forefathers
paralindiet	prenatal
paralindjes	prenatal
paralindurë	premature
paralinduri	-born
paralinduriit	prenatal
paralindurin	antecedents
paralindurinë	prenatal
paralindurit	antecedents
paralitik	paralytic
paralitikë	palsy
paralitikò	paralytic
paralitikut	paralytic
paralizuar	paralyzed
paralizuara	paralyzed
paralizuari	paralytic
paralizuarit	paralytic
paramendiesë	premeditation
paramendim	premeditation
paramendoni	imagine
paramonisnë	forewarning
Paran	before
paranë	Basis
parangjofëmesë	foreknowledge of the child
Parani	Paran
Paranit	Paran
paranjohjes	foreknowledge
paranjohur	foreordained
paranom	paranoia
paranomë	paranoia
paranomi	paranomy
paranomia	paranoia
paranomie	paranomy
paranominë	paranomy
paranomit	paranoid
paranomitë	paranomies
paranomivet	paranoid
paraparë	foreseen
parapëlqej	prefer
parapëlqen	Likes
parapëlqeu	preferred
parapëlqyen	preferred
parapëlqyer	FAVORITE
parapërgatiti	prepared in
parapet	parapet
paraponepsetë	paraponepse
paraponi	preface
paraponiarë	paraponarians
paraprihet	preceded
paraprijnë	preceded
paraprin	precedes
paraprinte	preceded
paraprirë	preceding
paraqes	FILE
paraqesë	present
paraqesësh	submit
paraqesim	present
paraqesin	present
paraqet	PRESENT
paraqinis	present
paraqinisurë	presented
paraqisja	presenting
paraqisni	SUBMIT
paraqisnin	present
paraqiste	featured
paraqit	REPORT A
paraqita	Submission
paraqite	present
paraqitej	presented
paraqitem	come across
paraqitemi	stand
paraqiten	appear
paraqitën	appear
paraqiteni	Present
paraqitesh	Submission
paraqitësh	present them
paraqiteshin	presented
paraqitet	PROVIDED
paraqiti	featured
paraqitja	Submission
paraqitje	OVERVIEW
paraqitjen	PRESENTATION
paraqitjes	Exposure
paraqitni	Display
paraqitnin	Display
paraqitu	Stand
paraqituni	APPLY
paraqitur	SHOW
paraqitura	PRESENTED
pararend	ahead
pararendë	before you
pararendës	precursor
pararendnin	went before
pararendur	preceded
pararojën	forefront
parasë	money
parash	MONEY
parashikim	prediction
parashikime	PREDICTIONS
parashikimet	prediction
Parashikohet	It is expected
parashikon	It provides
parashikonte	EXPECTED
parashikuam	anticipated
parashikuar	ESTIMATED
parashikues	predictor
parashtrohet	submitted
parashtroi	submitted
parashtroj	posit
parashtroja	I presented the
parashtrojë	file
parashtrojnë	submit
parashtroni	submit
parashtronin	lodge
parashtronte	laying out
parashtruar	FILED
parasysh	CONSIDERING
parat	MONEY
paratë	money
parathem	foretell
parathënë	foretold
parathireja	foreword
parathirët	the forerunners
parathiri	unforeseen
parathoshte	foretell
parathotë	foretells
parathyrë	foreword
paravas	curtain
paravasevet	pre-war
parave	money
paraveishin	they pretend
paravënësë	introduction
paravet	money
paravoli	parable
Paravolia	Paravolya
paravoliet	paravolly
paravolin	parafoil
paravolinë	Parable
paravolira	paravolar
paravolit	paravolo
paravolitë	parables
paravta	previous
paravuli	umbrella
paravumeja	preview
paravumëjesë	foreshadowing
paravumies	forerunner
paravumiesë	foreknowledge
Parbar	pillared
Parbarin	portico
parcelat	plots
pardallë	far away
pardhall	morning glory
pardie	court
pardje	day before yesterday
pare	FIRST
parë	FrONt
parëbirnia	birthright
parëbirninë	birthright
parëbirnisë	birthright
parëlindur	firstborn
parëlinduri	firstborn
parëlindurin	firstborn
parëlindurit	firstborn
parëlindurve	firstborn
parën	first
parëndësishmja	the unimportant
parënë	unfallen
parës	Viewer
parësë	saw at
paresh	money
parësh	first
pareshtur	incessant
parësi	priority
parësia	honorable
parësinë	primacy
parët	first
parëtë	Parete
parëve	ancients
parëvepërbënte	the first acts consisted of
parëvet	ancestors
parevokueshëm	irrevocable
parevokueshme	irrevocable
parfum	perfume
parfume	FRAGRANCE
parfumet	FRAGRANCES
parfumeve	Fragrance
parfumi	PERFUME
parfumiere	confectionaries
parfumierët	apothecaries
parfumierit	apothecary
parfumit	perfume
parfumosur	perfume
parfumova	perfumed
parfumuar	perfumed
parfumuara	perfumed
pari	FIRST
paria	chiefs
parigori	parigora
parigorí	parigorí
parigoria	parigoria
parigorin	parigorin
parigoris	unlucky
parigorisë	parigory
parigorisej	was not allowed
parigorisem	I am not ready.
parigorisemi	unqualified
parigorisenë	unlucky
parigorisi	unlucky
parigorisjë	unlucky
parigorisjëm	unripe
parigorisjëmë	let's not go
parigorism	unprincipledness
parigorisnë	indifferent
parigorisni	unburn
parigorisurë	unedited
parigorivet	unburned
parime	PRINCIPLES
parimet	principle
parimeve	principle
parimi	PRINCIPLE
parimin	principle
parimira	principles
parimisë	principle
parin	FIRST,
parinë	the nobles
parisë	chiefs
parisi	Paris
parit	PARI
paritë	parity
parmakët	handrail
Parmashtan	Parmashan
Parmenan	Parmenan
Parmenanë	Parmenians
parmende	plow
parmendë	plow
parmëndë	plow
parmendën	plow
Parmenin	Parmenas
Parnahut	Parnahut
Parnakut	Parnach
paronomit	paronomist
Paroshi	Parosh
Paroshit	Pharos
parqe	parks
parrëfiera	non-fiction
parrëfierë	non-confessional
parregullsi	following failures
parregulltit	unruly
parrenësi	innocence
parreth	around
parrethprera	uncircumcised
parrethprerë	uncircumcised
parrethprerët	the uncircumcised
parrethprerëve	uncircumcised
parrethpreri	uncircumcised
parrethprerin	uncircumcised
parrethprerja	circumcision
parrethprerje	uncircumcised
parrethprerjen	uncircumcised
parrethprerjes	uncircumcised
parrethuara	unenclosed
Parshandathan	Parshandatha
partë	Parthia
partët	Parthians
Parthë	Parthia
partheno	parthenon
Parthëtë	Parthëtë
parti	party
Parvaimit	Parvaim
parvazin	sill
parzmore	harness
parzmoreje	armor
parzmoren	breastplate
parzmores	breastplate
parzmoret	armor
parzmorja	breastplate
pas	AFTER
pasagjerët	passengers
pasakta	INCORRECT
pasaktë	false
Pasaku	Pasach
pasandaj	therefore
pasandaje	random
pasanikë	wealthy
pasanikët	wealthy
pasaniku	Rich Man
pasanikut	rich
pasardhës	DESCENDANT
pasardhëse	SUCCESSOR
pasardhësi	successor
pasardhësin	successor
pasardhësit	DESCENDANTS
pasardhësve	descendants
pasardhja	seed
pasardhjen	THE OFFSPRING
pasardhjes	seed
pasdite	afternoon
pasdites	afternoon
pasë	Pase
Paseahu	Paseah
Paseahut	Phaseah
pasëja	I had
pasëje	possession
pasëjen	possession
pasëjën	possession
pasëjenë	existence
pasëjes	possession
pasëjesë	possession
pasëjet	possessions
pasëjetë	lifeless
pasëka	because
pasëkam	we have
pasëke	because
pash	income statement
pasharë	poor
pashë	Pasha
pashëllishime	congratulations
pashëruarshim	incurable
pashërueshme	incurable
pashgryem	unexplained
Pashhur	Phassur
Pashhuri	Phassur
Pashhurin	Phassur
Pashhurit	Pashhur
pashitur	unsold
pashiturë	unsold
pashka	Easter
pashkatërrueshme	indestructible
Pashke	Easter
pashkë	Easter
pashkën	passover
pashkënë	Easter
Pashkës	passover
pashkësë	Easter
Pashket	Easter
Pashkët	Easter
Pashkëve	Easter
pashkëvet	Easter
pashkruara	unwritten
pashlyeshme	indelibly
pashme	beautiful
pashoq	peerless
pashoqe	matchless
pashqiptueshme	inexpressible
pashquarë	unknown
pashqyrtueshme	unexamineable
pashtershëm	inexhaustible
pashtershme	Abundance
pashuarë	unscathed
pashueshëm	inextinguishable
Pashuhuri	The wind
Pashurit	Pashhur
pasi	AFTER
pasien	patient
pasiesë	possessive
pasiet	past
pasiguri	UNCERTAINTY
pasigurinë	uncertainty
pasigurt	UNCERTAIN
pasion	passion
pasione	passions
pasionet	passions
pasioneve	passions
pasjellshëm	Rudeness
paska	somewhat
paskam	I had
paskan	I have
paske	because
paskemi	we have
paskëndaj	after song
paskeni	Did you
paskëtaj	henceforth
paskish	past tense
pasme	REAR
pasmë	REAR
pasnesër	day after tomorrow
pasohen	are followed
pasoja	CONSEQUENCES
pasojat	consequences
pasojë	consequence
pasojnë	follow
pasonin	follow
pasonte	follow
pasosëme	subsequent
pasosëmeja	the aftermath
pasosun	they followed
pasosuna	we followed
pasosunë	after you
pasosuninë	the past
pasosur	everlasting
pasosura	endless
pasosurë	after all
pasosurënë	after all
pasosurinë	wealth
pasqirë	clear
pasqyrash	mirror
pasqyrat	STATEMENTS
pasqyratë	mirror
pasqyrë	OVERVIEW
pasqyrët	mirrors
pasqyron	Show
passi	pass
past	past
Pasta	Pasta
pastaj	then
pastaje	then will
pastajm	then
pastajme	Hereafter
pastajmë	subsequent
pastajmea	then me
pastajmen	Hereafter
pastajmenë	then me
pastajmënë	afterwards
pastajmesë	then and there
pastajmet	subsequent
pastajmetë	then
pastajmëtë	subsequent
pastajmi	then
pastajmit	the latter
pastajmitë	then thousands
pastë	Tooth
pastër	purely
pastereosura	unstereotyped
pastereosuritë	pastereosures
pastërti	cleanliness
Pastërtia	CLEANLINESS
pastërtie	cleanliness
pastërtinë	cleanliness
pastërtisë	purity
pastra	CLEAN
pastrë	clean
pastrënë	clean
pastrës	Cleanser
pastri	clean
pastrim	cleaning
pastrimin	Pneumatic
pastrimit	Cleaning
pastrimt	cleaning
pastrin	clean
pastrit	purifiers
pastro	CLEAR
pastrohemi	cleansed
pastrohen	cleaned
pastrohenë	are cleaned
pastrohesh	cleansed
pastroheshin	cleansed
pastroheshinë	were cleaning
pastrohet	purified
pastrohu	purify
pastrohuni	purify
pastroi	cleared
pastroj	cleanse
pastroja	clean
pastrojë	cleanse
pastroji	cleanse
pastrojmë	CLEAN
pastrojnë	clean
pastromë	Cleanse
pastron	CLEANSED
pastroni	clean
pastrosh	clean
pastrova	cleansed
pastrove	cleared
pastrua	cleansed
pastruan	cleaned
pastruar	clean
pastruara	CLEARED
pastruarë	cleaned
pastruem	cleaned
pastrues	CLEANER
pasuar	followed
pasues	FOLLOWERS
pasuesit	SUCCESSORS
pasun	succeeded
pasunë	they had
pasuni	get rich
pasunit	past tense
pasunitë	wealth
pasur	RICH
pasura	RICH
pasuratë	wealth
pasurë	rich menu
pasurësë	wealth
pasuri	WEALTH
pasuria	WEALTH
pasurie	property
pasurin	wealth
pasurinë	wealth
pasurisë	property
pasurish	substance
pasurit	TREASURES
pasuritë	wealth
pasurive	ESTATE
pasurohej	a prosperous
pasurohem	grow rich
pasurohen	rich
pasuroheni	enriched
pasurohesh	rich
pasuroheshin	enriched
pasurohet	enriched
pasuroi	enriched
pasuroje	lard
pasuron	enriches
pasuroni	enrich
pasurova	riches
pasurove	glorious
pasuruan	they got rich
pasuruar	enriched
pasuruat	enriched
pasurve	rich
pat	stalemate
pata	I have
Patara	Patara
Pataraishte	Unfamiliar
Patarë	Patara
pate	goose
patë	goose
patëkej	was born
patëkeshe	gooseberry
patëkeshim	we are not happy
patëm	we had
patëmeta	irreproachable
patëmetë	FAULTLESS
patën	HAD
patërhiekunë	unbroken
patët	Did you have
patetë	potato
Pathros	Phatures
Pathrosi	Pathros
Pathrosin	Pathros
Pathrosit	Phatures
pathrusimët	Pathrusites
pathurë	unwoven
pathyeshme	unbreakable
pati	There
patitir	not yet
patitiri	patir
patitirn	patitirn
patjatër	definitely
patjetër	definitely
patjetërsueshme	inalienable
patm	patm
patmë	I am tired.
Patmo	Patmos
Patmos	Patmos
Patmositgjendet	Patmos is found
patn	Patna
patnë	Patna
patomat	shoes
patregueshme	inexpressible
Patriarhnë	Patriarchs
Patriarhu	Patriarch
patriark	patriarch
patriarkale	patriarchal
patriarkë	patriarchs
patriarkët	patriarchs
patriarkëve	patriarchs
patriarku	patriarch
patriarkun	the patriarch
patridhë	fatherless
patridhënë	fatherless
Patrikëtë	Patriarchs
Patrobës	Patrobas
Patrobin	Patrobin
Patrobit	Patrobit
Patrovënë	Patrovena
Patrusimët	The patrols
Patsets	Patsets
pattë	patta
patundëme	real estate
patundshëm	Foursquare
patundur	IMMOVABLE
patundura	firm
patundurë	unwavering
patur	HAD
paturë	had
paturi	poverty
paturp	shameless
paturpçim	impudence
paturpçme	shameless
paturpësi	shamelessness
paturpësia	shamelessness
paturpësisë	licentiousness
paturpësisht	shamelessly
paturpshëm	shameless
paturpshëme	shameless
paturpshime	shamelessness
paturpshimen	shamelessness
paturpshme	shameless
Pau	Pau
paudha	lawless
paudhat	iniquities
paudhatë	ungodly
paudhë	wickedly
paudhënë	uninformed
paudhëni	iniquity
paudhënie	injustice
paudhënisë	injustice
paudhënit	the wicked
paudhënitë	injustices
paudhënivet	incompetent
paudhëri	iniquity
paudhësë	wicked
paudhësi	lawlessness
paudhësia	iniquity
paudhësie	unrighteousness
paudhësinë	GUILT
paudhësisë	Lawlessness
paudhësitë	iniquities
paudhësive	iniquities
paudhët	impious
paudhëtë	wicked
paudhëve	wICKED
paudhëvet	the wicked
paudhi	transgressor
paudhin	ungodly
paudhinë	lawlessness
paudhit	wicked
pauja	paula
paujë	anhydrous
Paul	Paula
Pauli	Paul
Paulin	Pauline
Paulinë	Pauline
Paulit	Paul
pavarësisht	DESPITE
pavarur	INDEPENDENT
pavdekëjënë	immortality
pavdekënë	immortal
pavdekëninë	immortality
pavdekësi	immortality
pavdekësinë	IMMORTALITY
pavdekshëm	immortal
pavdekshme	Immortals
pavdekshmit	immortals
pavdekurë	undead
pavdekuritë	immortals
pavdierit	the ignorant
pavdierrë	worthless
pavdierrësë	worthless
pavdierrëshime	indifference
pavdierrinë	worthlessness
pavëjefshim	unnoticed
pavëjefshime	inattention
pavëjiera	indecision
pavëjierë	indifferent
pavëjyem	unnoticed
pavëjyerë	unnoticed
pavëjyeshim	unnoticed
pavëlyera	worthless
pavëlyerë	worthless
pavend	Inappropriate
pavërteta	false
pavërtetë	false
pavërtetësi	UNAUTHENTICITY
pavijonet	pavilions
pavjela	thoroughly
pavlefshëm	null
pavlerë	worthless
Pavllo	Pavlo
Pavllonë	Pavllone
Pavllosë	Pavllosa
Pavllua	Pavllo
pavluarë	unvalued
pavrarë	unskilled
pavyshkëmenë	unripe
pavyshkunë	unripe
pavyshkur	unfading
pazakontë	unusual
pazana	unknown
pazanë	fairy tale
pazar	SHOPPING
pazare	shopping
pazari	bazaar
pazarit	shopping
pazbuluarë	undiscovered
pazëmërë	voiceless
pazhierë	hunger
pazotë	unable
pçerëtijti	the scoundrel
pe	thread
pë	RESIDE
Pedahel	Phedahel
Pedahtsurit	Pedahzur
Pedaijahut	Pedaiah
Pedajahu	Pedaiah
Pedajahut	Pedaiah
Pedhagogë	Pedagogue
pedhagogoi	pedagogue
pedhagogonë	pedagogues
pëganë	poor
pëganjë	deceit
pëgë	gang
pëgëhetë	lie
pëgëhishnë	stubbornly
pëgëjë	lie
pëgëjënë	lie
pëgëjti	the answer
pëgën	scold
pëgënë	handcuffs
pëgëra	slander
pëgërat	dejecta
pëgërë	made clean
pëgërëtë	gossip
pëgëri	gossip
pëgërit	the devil
pëgëritë	gossip
pëjetëshim	immortality
Pekahiahu	Pekahiah
Pekahiahut	Phacee
Pekahu	Phacee
Pekahun	Pekah
Pekahut	Pe'kah
Pekodit	Pekod
pektoral	breastplate
pektorali	breastplate
pektoralin	breastplate
pektoralit	breastplate
pela	mare
Pelajahu	Pelaiah
Pelaliahut	Pelaliah
Pelatiahu	Pelati'ah
Pelatisahu	Pelatiah
pëlcasë	explode
pëlcasin	burst
pëlcet	pop
pëlciste	break out
Peleg	Peleg
pelegrinazhi	pilgrimage
pelegrinazhin	the pilgrimage
Pelegu	Peleg
Pelegut	Peleg
pelekan	pelican
pelekani	pelican
Pelekut	Pelek
pelena	diaper
peleqisurë	pleasure
Peleserin	Assyria
Peleth	Peleth
pelethenjtë	the pelethians
pelethenjve	Pelethians
Pelethi	Peleth
Pelethit	Peleth
Peleti	Pellet
pëlhura	SHEET
pëlhurat	curtains
pëlhuratë	fabric
pëlhurave	fabrics
pëlhure	cloth
pëlhurë	fabric
pëlhurën	Shroud
pëlhurënë	fabric
pëlhurës	Shroud
pelikani	pelican
pelikanin	the pelican
pelikanit	pelican
pelin	wormwood
pelini	wormwood
Peliniishte	Pelinian
pelinin	wormwood
pëllambe	pigeon
Pellatua	The Pellatu
pëllcit	spleen
pëllëmba	palm
pëllëmbe	handbreadth
pëllëmbë	palm
pëllëmbën	palm
pëllëmbët	palms
pëllëmë	palm
pëllet	bray when
pellg	POND
pellgje	ponds
pellgjet	Basins
pellgjeve	basin
pellgu	BASIN
pellgun	basin
pëllitje	bray
pëllitur	suffocated
pëllore	fertile
pëllorevet	wastelands
pëllumb	pigeon
pëllumba	pigeon
pëllumbash	pigeon
pëllumbat	doves
pëllumbatë	pigeon
pëllumbave	doves
pëllumbavet	pigeons
pëllumbë	pigeon
pëllumbesha	dove
pëllumbeshave	doves
pëllumbeshë	dove
pëllumbeshës	doves
pëllumbi	pigeon
pëllumbin	dove
pëllumbinë	pigeon
pëllumbit	dove
pëllump	pigeon
Peloni	Peloni
Peloniti	Pelonite
Pëlqe	Like this
pëlqefshin	they like
pëlqeftë	May the
pëlqehem	I like it.
pëlqehen	accepted
pëlqehenë	they like
pëlqeheshë	favorite
pëlqeheshin	enjoyed them
pëlqehet	accepted
pëlqehetë	liked
pëlqeimë	we liked
pëlqej	I like
pëlqeja	liked
pëlqejë	please
pëlqejëmë	I like it.
pëlqejenë	liked
pëlqejënë	like
pëlqejmë	please
pëlqejn	please
pelqejnë	pleasing to
pëlqejnë	like
pëlqejsh	you like
pëlqen	like
pëlqeni	Like
pëlqenin	they liked
pëlqenjë	like
pëlqenjënë	like it
pëlqente	liked
pëlqesh	please
pëlqeu	Enjoy
pëlqeva	liked
pëlqeve	delight
pëlqiarat	likes
pëlqienë	liking
pëlqiera	liking
pëlqieratë	pleasant
pëlqierë	liking
pëlqim	CONSENT
pëlqimevet	likes
pëlqimi	CONSENT
pëlqimin	consent
pëlqiminë	consent
pëlqimit	CONSENT
pëlqimnë	consent
pëlqimt	consent
pëlqye	like
pëlqyem	liking
pëlqyemesë	pleasant
pëlqyen	liked
pëlqyenë	liked
pëlqyer	liked
pëlqyera	favorite
pëlqyerë	liked
pëlqyerënë	liked
pëlqyerëtë	likes
pëlqyeri	acceptable
pëlqyershime	likes
pëlqyeshë	pleasant
pëlqyeshëm	agreeably
pëlqyeshim	we liked each other
pëlqyeshime	likes
pëlqyeshimetë	likes
pëlqyeshimi	liking
pëlqyeshme	acceptably
pëlqymë	we liked
pelqyn	like
pem	tree
pema	tree
pëmbëledhëjesë	sweetener
peme	TREE
pemë	TREES
pemën	tree
pemënë	the tree
pemëra	trees
pemës	tree
pemësë	the tree
pemësh	trees
pemët	the trees
pemëtë	the trees
pemëve	FRUIT
pemëvet	trees
pemishte	ORCHARDS
pemishtja	Orchard
pemm	tree
pemma	tree
pemmë	fruit
pemmën	the tree
pemmënë	apple
pemmëra	fruit
pemmët	trees
pemmëtë	fruit
pena	pen
pendë	feather
pëndë	five
pendën	pen
pendese	penitential
pendesë	DAM
pendesën	repentance
pendesënë	repentance
pendesësë	repentance
pendët	feathers
pëndët	feather
pëndëvet	five
pendfotë	feather
Pendikostësë	Pentecost
Pendikosti	Pentecost
Pendikostisë	Pentecost
pendim	repentance
pendimet	entreating
pendimi	repentance
pendimin	repentance
pendimit	repentance
pëndjekur	followed
pendo	regret
pendofsh	penitent
pendofshi	pendofsh
pendofshinë	pendophilia
pendoftë	forgive:
pendohej	repent
pendohem	I regret
pendohen	repent
pendohenë	repent
pendoheni	repent
pendohesh	Regret
pendoheshin	repent
pendohet	REPENTS
pendohetë	repentant
pendohi	repent
pendohu	repent
pendohuni	Repent
pendonetë	pendonets
pendova	repented
pendua	sorry
penduan	repented
penduar	contrite
penduarve	contrite
penduat	repented
pendue	repent
penduem	we repented
penduenë	repentant
pendueshë	penitent
penduetë	repentant
penë	pen
peng	hostage
pengesa	OBSTACLES
pengesat	OBSTACLES
pengese	barrier
pengesë	barrier
pengesën	barrier
pengesënë	the obstacle
pengesës	barrier
pengimi	PREVENTION
pengje	hostages
pengmarrësit	The kidnappers
pengo	Prevent
pengohemi	stumble
pengohen	BLINDSIDED
pengohenë	stumble
pengoheni	stumble
pengohesh	STUMBLE
pengohesha	stumbling
pengoheshin	stumble
pengohet	HINDERED
pengoi	prevented
pengoja	stumble
pengojë	HAMPER
pengon	Obstructing
pengonenë	hinder
pengonesh	you stumble
pengonetë	pengones
pengoni	prevent
pengonin	prevented
pengonte	prevent
pengova	hindered
pengove	restrained me
pengu	Mortgages
penguan	prevented
penguar	hinder
penguarë	hindered
penguat	hindered
pengun	SECURITY
pengunë	pawn
Peniel	Peniel
Penielin	Penuel
Penijl	Peniel
Penijlë	Penile
Penina	Peninnah
penj	thread
penk	Penka
Pentekostisë	Pentecost
Penuel	Penuel
Penueli	Penuel
Penuelin	Penuel
Penuelit	Penuel
penxhere	window
Peor	Peor
Peori	Peor
Peorin	Peorin
peorit	Peor
pëqin	please
pëqinjt	hundreds
pëqiri	patience
pëqisa	because
pëqisat	because
pëqisatë	relatively
per	for
përafërt	RELATED
përan	side
përandai	therefore
përandaj	wherefore
perandor	emperor
perandorake	imperial
perandori	EMPEROR
perandoria	EMPIRE
perandorisë	Empire
perandorit	Reich
përanë	aside
përaruem	we are married
Peratsim	Reception
Peratsimit	Perazim
Perazimit	Perazim
përballë	VS.
përballoje	confront
përballojë	outstay
përballojmë	Coping
përballojnë	Coping
përballon	Facing
përballoni	COPE
përballuar	ASSUME
përbashkët	SIngle
përbashkëta	COMMON
përbëhej	consisted
përbëheshin	consisted
përbej	oath
përbëjë	compose
përbëjnë	CONSTITUTE
përbën	CONSTITUTES
përbënin	accounted
përbënte	constituted
përbërë	MADE UP
përbërje	composition
përbetim	vow
përbetohej	testified
përbetohem	I swear
përbetohemi	exorcise
përbetoj	I charge
përbetojmë	we swear
përbetonenë	concrete
përbetonesh	you swear
përbetorëvet	the servants
përbetova	oath
përbetove	you swore
përbetua	swore
përbetuar	plotter
përbetuarë	sworn
përbetuash	swear
përbetuashë	I swore.
përbetue	to pledge
përbetueshë	covenant
përbindësh	monster
përbindësha	monsters
përbindëshave	monsters
përbindëshin	monster
përbindshave	monsters'
përbrenda	WITHIN
përbrënda	branch within
përbrëndazi	internally
përbrëndëshmet	inmost
përbrendëshmetë	internals
përbrendshmet	belly
përbrendshmeve	belly
përbri	Aside
përbrinjë	alongside
përbujti	lodged
përbuz	despise
përbuze	contemn
përbuzë	contempt
përbuzej	scorned
përbuzën	exulted
përbuzës	contemptuous
përbuzësh	contemptuous
përbuzet	despised
përbuzët	contempt
përbuzetë	contemptuous
përbuzi	Ignore
përbuzin	despise
përbuzinë	contempt
përbuzja	contempt
përbuzje	contempt
përbuzjen	contempt
përbuzjet	scorning
përbuzni	despise
përbuznin	despised
përbuzshëm	contemptible
përbuzshme	contemptible
përbuzunë	despised
përbuzur	despised
përbuzura	contemptible
përça	split
përçahet	divided
përçaji	divide
përcaktimit	DETERMINATION
përcaktohet	determined
përcaktoi	determined
përcaktoj	determine
përcakton	ESTABLISHING
përcaktoni	DETERMINE
përcaktonin	determine
përcaktonte	determine
përcaktosh	DETERMINE
përcaktua	Sealed
përcaktuar	specified
përcaktuara	determined
përçan	disrupts
përçanë	divided
përçarë	wandering
përçarësit	dividers
përçarja	disunity
përçarje	discord
përçarjen	disruption
përçarjet	divisions
përçart	wandering
përcëllihenë	they are burning
përcëllon	scorches
përciellë	sensitized
përcille	forward
përcillë	follow
përcillem	I am being followed.
përcilleni	Follow
përcilli	forwarded
përcillie	follow-up
përcillinë	the follow-up
përcillnë	forward
përcillni	FORWARD
përcillnit	forward by
përcillte	escort
përcjell	refer
përcjellç	follower
përcjellë	Redirected
përcjellës	conductor
përcjellin	follow
përçmim	scorn
përçmimi	contempt
përçmimin	contempt
përçmo	despise
përçmoftë	anyone despise
përçmohen	disdained
përçmohet	despised
përçmoi	disdained
përçmoj	cheapen
përçmoje	cheapen
përçmojë	despise
përçmojnë	contempt
përçmon	despises
përçmoni	despise
përçmonin	despised
përçmonte	despise
përçmosh	despise
përçmove	despised
përçmuan	despised
përçmuar	pathetic
përçmuara	despised
përcollën	followed
përcolli	forwarded
përçqiera	contempt
përçqierë	contempt
përçquarë	degraded
përçquaritë	the nicknames
përcuallë	follow up
përçuar	Convey
përçuarë	conductor
përçudnuar	flat
përcuellnë	forward
përda	for each other
përdahetë	to be separated
përdalë	faithless
përdalin	err
përdamë	for good
përdau	scattered
përdave	everywhere
perde	curtains
perdeje	curtain
përdëlle	pity
përdëlleftë	please
përdëllehet	comforted
përdëllehetë	pampered
përdëllejë	pity
përdëllejsh	pity
përdellemë	we are tired
përdëllemë	pity
përdëllen	pity
përdëllena	mercy
përdëlleni	have mercy
përdëllenj	pity
përdëllenjë	pity
përdëllente	pity
përdëllesë	indulgence
përdëlleu	have mercy
përdëlleva	I was sorry.
përdëllim	clemency
përdëllime	compassion
përdëllimesh	compassion
përdëllimet	consolations
përdëllimeve	consolations
përdëllimevet	compassion
përdëllimi	comfort
përdëllimin	comfort
përdëlliminë	compassion
përdëllimit	compassionate
përdëllimn	mercy
përdëllimnë	mercy
përdëllimt	mercy
përdëllin	pity
përdëllini	have mercy
përdëllinit	pity
përdëllueshim	pity
përdëllye	pity
përdëllyejsh	pity
përdëllyem	we pitied
përdëllyemë	pity
përdëllyen	pity
përdëllyenjës	compassionate
përdëllyershim	pity
përdëllyershimi	compassion
përdëllyes	forgiving
përdëllyeshë	juniper
përdëllyeshim	pity
përdëllyetë	pity
perden	curtain
përderisa	UNTIL
perdes	Curtain
perdesh	Rods
perdet	hangings
përdhe	underfoot
perdheja	the ground
përdhesuratë	lowland
përdhos	profane
përdhose	defiled
përdhosë	profane
përdhosej	profaned
përdhosen	profaned
përdhosën	profaned
përdhosësh	profane
përdhoset	profaned
përdhosi	defiled
përdhosin	profane
përdhosje	desecration
përdhosni	profane
përdhosnin	they desecrated
përdhoste	profane
përdhosur	profaned
përdhunë	wry
përdit	softw
përdita	daily
përditë	daily
përditëshim	update
përditëshime	updates
përditshëm	daily
përditshëmen	everyday
përditshimen	daily routine
përditshme	daily
perdja	Curtain
përdor	use
përdora	used
përdore	use it
përdorë	use
përdorej	was used
përdorëm	we used
përdorëmesë	user
përdorën	used
Përdoreni	Use
përdorëset	vessels
përdorësh	use
përdoreshin	used
përdoret	USE
përdori	use
përdorimi	FITNESS
përdorimin	FITNESS
përdorin	use
përdorinë	use
përdorje	use
përdorni	use
përdornim	we used
përdornin	used
përdorte	used
përdorura	used
përdredhë	wring
përdredhënë	twisted
përdredhinë	twist
përdredhunë	twisted
përdredhur	twisted
përdredhurë	twisted
përdrodh	wrenched
përdroth	around
Perëndai	God
perëndesha	goddesses
perëndeshën	goddess
perëndeshës	goddess
Perendi	god
perëndi	god
perëndia	God
Përëndia	Triune
Perëndiai	God
perëndidashës	of God
perëndie	god
perëndieshënë	moon god
perëndieshësë	goddesses
Perëndiet	The Gods
perëndim	west
perëndimi	west
perëndimin	West
perëndimit	west
perëndimor	west
perëndimore	western
perëndin	god
perëndina	goddess
perëndinash	Western
perëndinat	the westerns
perëndinate	western
perëndinave	westerners
perëndinavet	westerners
perëndinë	GOD
perëndira	gods
perëndirash	gods
perëndirat	the gods
perëndiratë	gods
perëndirave	to the gods
perëndiravet	the gods
Perëndirra	Western
perëndirrat	the gods
Perëndis	God
perëndisë	God
perëndish	gods
perëndishëm	godly
perëndishme	godly
perëndishmëri	godly
perëndishmëria	godliness
perëndishmërinë	godliness
perëndishmërisë	godliness
perëndishmit	godly
perëndit	The gods
perënditë	GODS
perëndive	gods
perëndivet	the gods
perëndoi	went down
perëndojë	down
perëndojnë	sunset
perëndon	down
perëndonjë	every day
perëndonte	sun
perënduar	set;
perënduarë	westerners
perënduarët	the westerners
perënduarëtë	Westerners
perënduarit	westerners
perënduem	we went west
perënduemesë	westerner
perënduemësë	sunset
perënduemesh	sunsets
perënduemit	the west
perëndumit	west
Perënia	Perea
Perënni	Autumn
PERES	PERES
Peresh	Peresh
Perets	Perez
Peretsi	Perez
Peretsin	Perez
Peretsit	Perez
peretsitëve	Pharzites
perezenjtë	the perezians
perezenjve	perezans
perezeu	Pherezite
përfaqësi	REPRESENTATIONS
përfaqësoheshin	represented
përfaqësoje	represent
përfaqësojnë	represent
përfaqëson	represents
përfaqësoni	represent
përfaqësonin	representing
përfaqësonte	represent
përfaqësues	representative
përfill	consider
Përfille	Ignore
përfillën	rash
përfillësh	esteemest
përfilli	Disregarded
përfillni	Observe
përfillur	disregarded
përfitim	BENEFICIARY
përfitime	benefits
përfitimesh	benefits
përfitimet	benefit
përfitimi	benefit
përfitimin	BENEFITS
përfito	benefit
përfitoi	benefited
përfitoj	profit
përfitojë	benefit
përfitojmë	BENEFITING
përfitojnë	benefit
përfitova	take advantage
përfitove	you benefited
përfituar	ACQUIRED
përflasimë	gossip
përflasin	detractors of
përflasinë	the conversation
përflet	reproaches
përflishinë	proximity
përflisinë	gossip
përflisninë	gossip
përfliste	gossiped
përflitei	gossip
përflitem	gossip
përfliten	gossip
përflitetë	gossip
përfolën	they gossiped
përfolun	they gossiped
përfoluna	rumored
përfolunë	rumored
përfoluni	gossip
përfolur	rumored
përforco	strengthen
përforcohen	Reinforce
përforcohu	strengthen
përforcoi	strengthened
përforcoje	Secure
përforcojnë	strengthen
Përforcomë	Hold
përforcon	Clamp
përforconi	Strengthen
përforconte	strengthen
përforcua	strengthened
përforcuan	strengthened
përforcuar	ENHANCED
përfshi	INCLUDING
përfshihej	included
përfshihem	get involved
përfshihen	included
përfshihet	INVOLVED
përfshin	It includes
përfshinte	included
përfshiu	swept
përftohet	obtained
përftoi	actually received an
përftojnë	obtain
përftosh	getting of
përftove	you got
përftua	acquired the
përftuan	gained first
përftuar	OBTAINED
përfund	end
përfundim	cONcluSiON
përfundimi	conclusion
përfundimin	COMPLETION
përfundimisht	finally
përfundimtar	final
përfundohen	completed
përfundoi	END
përfundoj	clinch
përfundojë	END
përfundojeni	finish
përfundojmë	complete
përfundojnë	COMPLETE
përfundoni	Complete
përfundonte	end
përfundosh	finish
përfundova	finished
përfundua	ENDED
përfunduan	ended
përfunduar	ENDED
përfytyrimet	picture
përfytyrojmë	imagine
përfytyruar	imaginative
Perga	Perge
Pergadhe	Pergadh
Pergam	Pergamum
Pergamë	Pergamum
pergamenat	Scrolls
pergamenë	parchment
pergamenetë	parchments
Pergamit	Pergamon
Pergamo	Pergamum
Pergamosë	Pergamum
përgatis	prepare
përgatisë	prepare
përgatisësh	Preparing
përgatisim	prepare
përgatisin	prepare
përgatisni	prepare
përgatisnin	prepare
përgatiste	prepare
përgatit	prepare
përgatite	Gather
përgatitë	PREPARATION
përgatitej	ready
përgatitem	PREPARE
përgatiten	READY
përgatitën	PREPARED
përgatiteni	prepare it
përgatitësh	Preparing
përgatiteshin	prepare
përgatitet	Gearing
përgatiti	PREPARED
përgatitin	prepare
përgatitini	prepare them
Përgatitja	Preparation
përgatitje	training
përgatitjes	pREPARATION
përgatitjesh	preparations
përgatitjet	training
përgatitni	prepare
përgatitnin	prepare
përgatitu	prepare
Përgatituni	Prepare
përgatitur	prepared
përgatitura	prepared
Pergë	Perga
përgënjeshtrojë	befall
Pergësë	Perga
përgëzohi	congratulate
përgëzoj	congratulate
përgjahetë	to be compared
përgjait	along
përgjaitëme	along with
përgjaitëmesë	along the way
përgjaitëmet	parallels
përgjaitnë	along
përgjaituna	parallel
përgjaitunë	along
përgjaj	along
përgjajmë	we follow
përgjajnë	they resemble
përgjajtur	similar
përgjajturë	similar
përgjajturit	the likes
përgjakshme	bloody
përgjan	liken
përgjani	along
përgjanj	along
përgjante	along
përgjatë	along
përgjegj	RESPONSIBILITY
përgjegja	answer
përgjegjçë	responsible
përgjegje	ANSWER
përgjegjei	answer
përgjegjej	responses
përgjegjëjënë	answer
përgjegjem	I answer.
përgjegjëm	answer one
përgjegjemi	we answer
përgjegjen	answer
përgjegjën	responded
përgjegjenë	answer
përgjegjeni	answer
përgjegjëni	answer
përgjegjës	responsible
përgjegjesh	ANSWER
përgjegjeshin	they were answering
përgjegjësi	responsibility
Përgjegjësia	LIABILITY
përgjegjësinë	responsibility
përgjegjësisë	LIABILITY
përgjegjësit	Accountability
përgjegjet	ANSWER
përgjegjetë	responsibility
përgjegji	responses
përgjegjishnë	responsible
Përgjegjju	Answer
përgjegjn	responsible
përgjegjnë	responsible
përgjegjun	answer
përgjegjunat	the answers
përgjegjunë	answer
Përgjegjuni	Answer.
përgjegjunit	responsibility
përgjegjunitë	responsibilities
përgjegjurë	responsible
përgjegjurit	the responsible
përgjegjuritë	responsibilities
pergjeq	answer
përgjeq	answer
përgjeqnë	in response
përgjeqtë	responsible
përgjërim	entreaty
përgjërime	supplications
përgjërimesh	petition
përgjërimet	supplications
përgjërimeve	supplications
përgjërimi	supplication
përgjërimin	Supplication
përgjërimit	supplication
përgjërohej	entreating
përgjërohem	implore
përgjërohemi	Plead
përgjërohen	pine
përgjërohenë	they beg
përgjërohesh	supplicate
përgjërohet	pleads
përgjëronej	beg
përgjëronenë	beg
përgjëronetë	beg
përgjëroni	beg
përgjërova	implored
përgjërove	entreated
përgjërua	entreated
përgjëruar	you swear
përgjëruarë	begging
përgjëruarit	begging
përgjëruashë	I begged.
përgjërues	failing
përgjërueshë	beggar
përgjigj	RESPOND
përgjigja	RESPONSE
përgjigje	answer
përgjigjej	answer
përgjigjem	answer
përgjigjëm	answer
përgjigjemi	RESPOND
përgjigjen	answer
përgjigjën	they answered
përgjigjenë	answer
përgjigjeni	reply
përgjigjesh	ANSWER
përgjigjesha	answer
përgjigjeshin	answer
përgjigjeshinë	responsive
përgjigjeshit	ANSWER
përgjigjeshitë	you answered
përgjigjet	answers
përgjigjët	you answered
përgjigjetë	answers
përgjigji	Answering
përgjigjja	ANSWER
Përgjigjju	Reply
përgjigjmu	answer me
Përgjigjmuni	Answer me.
përgjigjni	answer
përgjigjuni	answer
përgjigjur	answer
përgjim	peek
përgjirohetë	embrace
përgjismë	eavesdropping
përgjithmonë	forever
përgjithnjë	ever
përgjithshëm	BACKGROUND
përgjoijnë	eavesdrop
përgjojënë	eavesdropping
përgjojnë	tap
përgjon	eavesdrop
përgjonin	watched
përgjonjë	eavesdrop
përgjonjënë	eavesdropping
përgjonjës	eavesdropper
përgjonjësit	the eavesdroppers
përgjonjësitë	eavesdropping
përgjonte	awake
përgjq	etc.
përgjuanë	eavesdropping
përgjuar	tapped
përgjuarë	eavesdropping
përgjumur	sleepwalking
përgjunj	knelt
përgjunja	prostrating
përgjunjç	kneeling
përgjunjçë	kneeling
përgjunje	knelt
përgjunjenë	kneeling
përgjunji	kneel
përgjunjnë	kneel
përgjunjnje	kneeling
përgjunjnjë	kneeling
përgjunjurënë	kneeling
përgjunjurit	kneeling
përgjunjuritë	kneeling
përgjynjurit	the half-breeds
përgojime	gossip
përgojimi	Gossiping
përgojohet	denigrated
përgojojnë	Bandy
përgojuan	vilified
përgojues	slanderer
përhap	SPREADS
përhapa	I spread
përhape	spread the
përhapë	spread
përhapei	spread
përhapej	spread
përhapen	spill
përhapën	TAUGHT
përhapenë	spread
përhapeni	spread it
përhapeshin	spread
përhapet	SPREAD
përhapët	spreads
përhapetë	spread
përhapi	spread
përhapim	spread
përhapin	spreading
përhapjen	SPREAD
përhapnë	spread
përhapnin	spread
përhapte	spread
përhapun	spread
përhapur	widespread
përhapura	prevalent
përhapurë	widespread
përherë	permanently
përherëshëmenë	forever
përherëshim	perpetuity
përherëshime	perpetuations
përherëshme	permanent
përhershëm	permanent
përhershim	permanence
përhershme	permanent
përhierim	grace
përhierimevet	the blessings
përhierimit	grace
përhieronjç	hero
përhime	gray
përhimnoj	to turn gray
përhumbje	perdition
përhumbjen	perplexity
përhumbjes	haste
përhumbur	wandering
Peridas	Perida
perifan	peripheral
Perifanë	Periphanes
Perifanepsem	I am tired.
perifanepsnë	periphanessne
perifanepsurë	periphanepsy
perifani	periphery
perifania	periphany
periferi	suburb
perime	VEGETABLES
perimesh	VEGETABLE
perimetri	perimeter
perimetrin	perimeter
përin	for you
përind	PERIND
përindet	wanders
përindvet	wander
përinj	fairy
përinjet	fairy tales
përinjt	angels
përinjtë	angels
përint	perineum
përintë	every day
përintsh	always
përintvet	perintvet
periodike	PEriOdiCAl
periqefalë	pericope
periqefaleën	pericephalon
peritemnë	peritoneum
peritemnej	peritoneum
peritemnetë	peritoneum
peritemni	tell me
peritemnisë	perithecium
peritemnurë	peritemnura
peritomi	peritomy
peritomia	peritomy
peritominë	peritonitis
peritomisë	peritomy
periudhë	period
periudhën	pERIOD
Perizitëtë	The Perizzites
Perizitëvet	The Perizzites
Perizzitët	The Perizzites
Perizzitëve	Perizzites
Perizzitëvet	The Perizzites
Perizzitin	Perizzite
përjashta	outdoors
përjashtazet	exceptions
përjashtazi	except
përjashtë	outside
përjashtëme	except
përjashtëmeja	exception
përjashtëmen	exception
përjashtëmenë	except
përjashtëmevet	exceptions
përjashtëmit	the outcasts
përjashtëmitë	exceptions
përjashtëmvet	exceptions
përjashtësmen	the outcast
përjashtësmenë	exception
përjashtësmitë	the outcasts
përjashtim	EXCEPT
përjashtimin	exemption
përjashtohej	separated
përjashtohem	be cast off
përjashtohen	excluded
përjashtoheshin	excluded
përjashtohet	excluded
përjashtojë	exempt
përjashtojnë	exclusive
përjashton	excludes
përjashtonin	expelled
përjashtuan	expelled
përjashtuar	Excluding
përjetë	ever
përjetëshim	immortality
përjetëshime	perpetuities
përjetëshimeja	eternity
përjetëshimit	immortalization
përjetëshm	eternal
përjetëshme	everlasting
përjetësi	eternity
përjetësia	eternity
përjetësim	immortalization
përjetësinë	Hereafter
përjetësisë	eternity
përjetësisht	eternally
përjetësohet	perpetuated
përjetshëm	EVERLASTING
përjetshme	everlasting
përjetuar	experiencing
përjetuat	perjetuat
përkas	belong
përkasë	belong
përkasënë	belong to
përkasi	belonging
përkasim	WE BELONG
përkasin	BELONGING
përkasinë	belong to
përkatës	pertinent
përkatëse	RELATED
përkëdhel	caress
përkëdhelënë	pet
përkëdhelin	caress
përkëdhelinë	caress
përkëdhelni	caress
përkëdhelnin	cuddled
përkëdhelte	caressing
përkëdheltura	caress
përkeqësohej	worse
përket	RESPECT
përkëthejënë	kiss
përkisin	belong
përkisja	belonged
përkisni	belong
përkisnin	belonged to
përkisnit	belonged to
përkiste	belonged to
përkit	Perkin
përkitni	belong
përkitsha	belonged
përkitur	belonged to
përkohësisht	PROVISIONALLY
përkohshëm	temporary
përkohshme	PROVISIONAL
përkojnë	matched
përkon	coinciding
përkonin	coincided
përkonte	coincided
përkoqsh	in contrast
përkoquritë	contractions
përkorë	abstemious
përkorin	they praise
përkrah	SUPPORTS
përkrahe	maintain
përkrahë	support
përkrahën	supported
përkrahësh	ADVOCATING
përkrahësi	supporter
përkrahësit	supporters
përkrahi	supported
përkrahim	support
përkrahin	support
përkrahja	suPPort
përkrahje	support
përkrahjen	support
përkrahmë	support me
përkrahnin	supported
përkrahte	supported
përkrahu	supported
përkrahur	SUPPORTED
përkrenare	helmet
përkrenaren	helmet
përkrenarja	The helmet
përkryer	perfect
përkryera	perfect
përkryerja	perfect
përkryerjen	perfection
përkthehet	Source
përkthejnë	translate
Përkthim	Translation
përkthyer	translated
përkthyes	interpreter
përkujdes	CARE
përkujdesja	CARE
përkujdesje	CARE
përkujdesjen	WELFARE
përkujdesjes	CARE
përkujtim	MEMORIAL
përkujtimin	Memorial
përkujtimor	commemorative
përkujtoj	memorialize
përkujtuar	commemorate
përkul	FLEX
përkula	bowed
përkule	Incline
përkulë	flex
përkulej	bow
përkulem	bend
përkulemi	bow
përkulen	bow
përkulën	bowed down
përkulesh	bow down
përkulësh	bow down
përkuleshin	crouching
përkulet	bow
përkuli	leaned
Përkulni	bend
përkulshin	bow
përkuluni	Bow
përkulur	bended
përkundër	despite
përkundetë	shake
përkundrazi	on the contrary
përkundrë	on the contrary
përkundrej	against
përkushtim	COMMITMENT
përkushtimi	DILIGENCE
përkushtimin	COMMITMENT
përkushtimit	commitment
përkushtohen	commit
përkushtoheni	commit
përkushtoni	Commit
përkushtuar	dedicated
përkushtuara	GODLY
përlafshin	they are confused
përlajë	devouring
përlajnë	devour
përlan	licks
perlat	PEARLS
përlau	devoured
përlava	overthrew
përleshen	clash
përleshje	melee
përleshjes	clash
përleshu	Strive
përleshur	clashed
përlëvdim	praises
përlëvdimi	glorification
përlëvdimin	glorification
përlëvdimit	Glorification
përlëvdo	glorify
përlëvdofshin	glorify
përlëvdoftë	magnified
përlëvdohem	glorified
përlëvdohemi	glorified
përlëvdohen	glory
përlëvdoheni	glorified
përlëvdohesh	glory
përlëvdohet	Glorified
përlëvdoi	praised
përlëvdoj	exalt
përlëvdoje	Esteem
përlëvdojë	glorify
përlëvdojeni	glorify
përlëvdojmë	exalted
përlëvdojnë	honor
përlëvdon	glorifies
përlëvdoni	Exalt
përlëvdonim	we praised
përlëvdonin	they praised
përlëvdonte	glorifying
përlëvdosh	glorify
përlëvdova	honored
përlëvdua	magnified
përlëvduan	they praised
përlëvduar	glorified
përligjet	justified
përligjur	vindicated
përllogarisë	calculate
përlot	tears
përlyejnë	tarnish
përlyemevet	stains
përlyen	laundry has
përlyer	tainted
përlyhet	defiled
Përmallohet	It is longing.
përmallshimitë	curses
përmasa	size
përmasat	dimensions
përmasës	greatness
përmba	comp
përmbahemi	stick
përmbahen	contained
përmbaheni	bOUND
përmbahesh	tenor
përmbahet	contained
Përmbahuni	Refrain
përmbaitëmen	content
përmbaiti	contained
përmbaitshinë	content
përmbaitunë	restrained
përmbaitunitë	contents
përmbaja	forbearing
përmbajë	CONTAIN
përmbajnë	containing
përmbajt	refrained
përmbajtën	withheld
përmbajti	restrained
përmbajtje	CONTENT
përmbajtjen	CONTENT
përmbajtur	RESTRAINED
përmbajtura	content
përmbajturitë	contents
përmban	CONTAINS
përmbanë	contains
përmbanin	contained
përmbanjë	contain
përmbante	contained
përmbash	restrain
Përmbaskëndai	Permbakskendai
përmbëjedh	summarize
përmbëjedhç	summary
përmbëjedhë	summary
përmbëjedhurë	summarized
përmbëjidh	summarize
përmbëjidhej	consisted of
përmbëjidhetë	continental
përmbëjidhi	summarize
Përmbëjidhni	Summarize
përmbëjodhi	summarized
përmbëjuadh	summary
përmbëjuadhë	summary
përmbëjuadhm	content
përmbëjuadhtë	comprehensive
përmbëledhë	sweet
përmbëledhëja	the confectioner
përmbëledhëje	compote
përmbëledhëjen	the summary
përmbëledhëjenë	they are sweet
përmbëledhëjes	summary
përmbëledhëjesë	sweetener
përmbëledhëjet	sweets
përmbëledhi	sweetened
përmbëledhiet	sweeten
përmbëledhunë	sweet
përmbëledhurë	sweet
përmbëledhuret	sweetened
përmbëleth	sweet
përmbëlidhenë	they are summarized
përmbëlidhetë	sweet
përmbëlidhu	summarize
Përmbëlithni	Summarize
përmbëllithni	thicken
përmbëloth	wrap
përmbi	ABOVE
përmbis	above
përmbishkronjë	superscript
përmbjedhurë	summarized
përmbledhur	BRIEF
përmblidhen	summarize
përmblidhet	summed up
përmblodh	summed up
përmblothnë	summarize
përmbrenda	Internally
përmbrendëshim	we were inside
përmbrendëshimeja	introversion
përmbrendëshimen	introspection
përmbrendëshimenë	introspection
përmbrendëshimet	internalizations
përmbrendëshimetë	internals
përmbrendëshimitë	internalizations
përmbrendshëmen	the interior
përmbrentshim	internalization
përmbush	MEETS
përmbusha	have fulfilled
përmbushe	ACCOMPLISH
përmbushë	ACCOMPLISH
përmbushej	fulfilled
përmbushen	Fulfilling
përmbushën	fulfilled
përmbusheshin	fulfilled
përmbushet	COMPLY
përmbushi	fulfilled
përmbushim	fulfill
përmbushin	CONFORM
përmbushini	Fulfill
përmbushja	Fulfilling
përmbushjen	Meeting
përmbushjes	FULFILLING
përmbushni	MEET
përmbushte	fulfill
përmbushur	MEET
përmbys	capsize
përmbysë	overturn
përmbysen	overturn
përmbyset	reversed
përmbysetë	overturn
përmbysi	overturned
përmbysim	overturn
përmbysin	overthrow
përmbysinë	the inversion
përmbysnë	upside down
përmbyste	perverting
përmbysur	inverted
përmbysurë	upside down
përmbyt	swamp
përmbytë	flooded
përmbyteja	flood
përmbytëja	the flood
përmbytëje	flood
përmbytëjen	the flood
përmbytëjenë	flooded
përmbytëjesë	flood
përmbytës	scourge
përmbytëse	flood
përmbyti	flooded
përmbytin	overflow
përmbytja	flood
përmbytje	flood
përmbytjen	flood
përmbytjes	flood
përmëledhëje	caress
përmëledhëjesë	caresser
përmend	mention
përmenda	mention
përmendë	mention
përmenden	NOTE
përmendën	cited
përmëndenë	mention
përmendësh	heart
përmendet	mention
përmendetë	memorial
përmëndetë	mention
përmendi	cited
përmendim	mention
përmendimë	mention
përmendin	cite
përmendnë	mention
përmendni	NAME
përmendore	memorial
përmendoret	memorials
përmendorja	monument
përmendun	LISTED
përmendunë	mentioned
përmendunit	mention
përmendunitë	remember
përmendur	mentioned
përmendura	NAMED
përmëndurë	mentioned
përmendurit	remembrance
përmëndurit	the mentioned
përmënduritë	mentions
përmënt	mention
përmëntni	mention
përmes	through
përmirësoni	improve
përmirësuar	improve
përmis	good
përmjet	disrupting
përmorçimitë	the efforts
përmuajshmet	menstruation
përnatë	nightly
përndafshinë	neighborhood
përndahemi	we part
përndahenë	they are divided
përndahesh	you are separated
përndaj	scatter
përndajsh	share
përndan	divide
përndanë	share
përndanj	share
përndanjam	share
përndanjë	share
përndanjënë	division
përndantej	was divided
përndarë	The distribution
përndarët	divided
përndarëtë	divided
përndau	shared
përndave	I shared
përnderiminë	the honor
përnderuenë	honored
përnderumit	to be used
Perndi	God
Perndia	God
Perndie	God
Perndiet	Gods
Perndin	God
Perndinë	God
përndiqen	are being persecuted
përndiqeni	persecuted
përndiqeshim	persecution
përndiqeshin	persecuted
përndiqet	is being pursued
përndiqja	persecuted
përndiqni	pursue
përndiqnin	they were chasing
përndiqte	pursued
Perndira	God
Perndisë	God
Pernditë	Gods
Perndivet	The gods
përndjek	victimize
përndjekë	afflict
përndjekës	persecutor
përndjekësit	the pursuers
përndjekësve	persecutors
përndjekin	persecute
përndjekja	victimize
përndjekje	PERSECUTIONS
përndjekjes	persecution
përndjekjesh	persecution
përndjekjet	persecution
përndjektë	hunt
përndjekur	persecuted
përndjekurit	persecuted
përndoqën	persecuted
përndoqi	persecuted
përndorç	slander
përndorinë	the use
përndorsh	user
përndritshëm	luminous
përndryshe	otherwise
përngjaj	resemble
përngjajë	resemble
përngjan	like
përngjani	imitators
përngjanin	resemble
përngjanjënë	similar
përngjante	likeness
përngjashëm	resembling
përngjasim	simulation
përngjasime	comparisons
përngjasimit	likeness
përngjiste	appearance
përngulëme	persistent
përnjëherë	all at once
përnjëherësh	immediately
përnjëmend	REAL
përnjiherë	once
perona	Perone
peronat	Perone
peronavet	characters
përpara	ahead
përparazi	first
përparë	before
përparëje	apron
përparëse	duster
përparëshm	advance
përparësia	duster
përparime	Breakthrough
përparimi	progress
përparimin	progress
përparme	FRONT
përparoftë	progress
përparoi	progressed
përparoja	I progressed
përparojë	progress
përparojnë	progress
përparon	prosper
përparoni	progress
përparonte	progress
përparosh	prosper
përparuara	advanced
përpëlit	writhed
përpëlitej	wallowing
Përpëlitem	writhe
përpëliten	writhe
përpëliteshe	polluted
përpëlitet	writhe
përpëliti	threw
Përpëlitu	Wriggle
përpi	swallowed up
përpiek	try
përpiekç	effort
përpiekë	effort
përpiekënë	they tried
përpiekinë	try hard
përpiekish	you tried
përpieksh	try
përpiekunavet	cares
përpiekunë	they tried
përpiekunit	to strive
përpietë	humble
përpiftë	devour
përpihen	devoured
përpihet	swallowed up
përpihetë	swallow
përpij	guzzle
përpijë	swallow
përpijnë	eat
përpikëri	exactness
përpikërinë	strictness
përpikmëri	Closely
përpikta	precise
përpiktë	painstaking
përpilohet	compiled
përpiluar	COMPILED
përpiluara	compiled
përpim	swallowing
përpimë	we swallow
përpin	devours
përpinë	ate
përpini	blaze
përpinjënë	in the stomach
përpiqej	tried
përpiqem	try
përpiqemi	TRY
përpiqen	try
përpiqenë	try
përpiqeni	try
përpiqesha	weary
përpiqeshin	tried
përpiqeshinë	effort
përpiqet	tries
përpiqetë	try
përpiqi	tried
përpiqni	try
përpiqu	try
përpiquni	TRY
përpirë	consumed
përpiu	swallowed up
përpiva	I devoured
përpjekç	try
përpjekje	EFFORTS
përpjekjesh	effort
përpjekjet	efforts
përpjeksh	try
përpjekur	TRIED
përpjekurat	efforts
përpjekurë	striving
përpjesëtim	proportion
përpjeta	ascent
përpjetë	uphill
përpjetën	ascent
përpjetës	ascent
përplas	fling
përplasë	crash
përplasej	tossed
përplasen	COLLIDING
përplasën	beat
përplaseshim	we collided
përplaseshin	beat
përplasi	clash
përplasin	clap
përplasjes	clash
përplaste	Tossed
përplot	full
përpoq	tried
përpoqa	tried
përpoqe	attempted
përpoqëm	tried
përpoqën	they tried
përpoqët	You tried
përpoqnë	we tried
përposh	fenugreek
përposht	fenugreek
përposhtë	downwards
përpsara	all over
përpunon	processes
përputhej	cleave
përputhen	matching
përputhet	matched
përputhje	COMPLIANCE
përqafoftë	hug
përqafoi	hugged
përqafojnë	hug
përqafon	embraces
përqafosh	hug
përqafuan	hugged
përqafuar	embrace
përqark	round
përqasje	approaches
përqendruar	FOCUSED
përqesh	taunt
përqeshç	laugh
përqeshemi	ridiculed
përqeshën	mocked
perqeshës	mocking
përqeshës	derisory
përqeshësa	mockery
përqeshëse	mocking
përqeshësë	mocking
përqeshëseve	mockers
përqeshësëvet	mockers
përqeshësh	mockery
përqeshësi	slanderers
përqeshësinë	the laughter
përqeshësit	slanderers
përqeshësitë	laughter
përqeshetë	laugh
përqeshi	mocked
përqeshin	laugh
përqeshinë	laughter
përqeshje	mockery
përqeshjen	scorning
përqeshjënë	laugh
përqeshjet	jeers
përqeshnë	they laugh
përqeshni	mocked
përqeshnin	they laughed
përqeshnjë	laughter
përqeshnjënë	laughter
përqeshshinë	laughter
përqeshun	they laughed
përqeshuna	we laughed
përqeshunë	they laughed
përqeshunitë	laugh
përqeshur	derided
përqeshurat	the laughter
përqeshurë	ridicule
përqeshuritë	ridicule
përqindje	PERCENT
përralla	TALE
përrallash	fairytale
përrallat	TALES
përrallave	fairytale
përrallavet	fairy tales
përrallë	TALE
përrallëzë	fable
përrenj	stream
përrenjsh	brook
përrenjtë	streams
përrenjve	streams
përreth	AROUND
përroi	stream
përroin	stream
përroit	stream
përrojt	stream
përronj	streamy
përronjvet	streams
përroskat	ravine
përroskave	watercourses
përrua	stream
përruan	brook
përse	WhY
persekutojë	persecute
persekutojmë	persecute
persekuton	persecutes
persekutoni	persecute
persekutonte	persecuted
persekutuar	persecuted
përsëri	BACK
përsëris	repeat
përsërisnin	repeat
përsërit	REPEAT
përsëriti	repeated
përsëritje	RECAPITULATION
përshëndes	greet
përshëndesim	salute
përshëndesin	greetings
përshëndet	WELCOMES
përshëndeta	greeted
përshëndete	greetings
përshëndetëm	greeted
përshëndetën	Greetings
përshëndeti	welcomed
përshëndetin	greetings
përshëndetini	greet
përshëndetja	greeting
përshëndetje	greetings
përshëndetjeje	stirrup
përshëndetjen	greeting
përshëndetjënë	greet
përshëndetjes	greeting
përshëndetjet	greetings
përshëndetn	greet
përshëndetni	Greet
përshëndetshi	hello
përshëndetshinë	greetings
përshëndetuna	hello
përshëndetunatë	goodbye
përshëndetunë	we greeted each other
përshëndetuni	goodbye
përshëndetunit	hello
përshëndetur	welcoming
përshëndetura	welcoming
përshesh	grits
përsheshunë	all over
përshkoftë	may it pass
përshkohej	permeated
përshkohet	crisscrossed
përshkoi	permeated
përshkojë	permeate
përshkojnë	permeate
përshkon	pierce
përshkoni	patrol
përshkonte	crossing
përshkosh	passest
përshkrimi	description
përshkrimin	the description
përshkrua	described
përshkruaja	shew
përshkruajë	outline
përshkruan	describes
përshkruar	DESCRIBED
përshkruara	DESCRIBED
përshkruhen	are described
përshkua	permeated
përshkuam	we passed through
përshkuan	traveled
përshkuar	overwhelmed
përshkuari	described
përshpejtohej	accelerate
përshpejtojë	accelerate
përshpërisin	Murmuring
përshpirtshëm	devout
përshqie	taste
përshqien	the smell
përshqierë	sneeze
përshtatet	FIT
përshtatje	FITNESS
përshtatni	adapt
përshtatshëm	fit
përshtatshme	Adequate
përshtypjen	impression
Persi	PERSIA
Persia	Persia
persiane	Persian
persianëve	Persians
Persianit	Persian
Përsias	Persia
përsiat	reflections
përsiatë	ponder
përsiatim	meditate
përsiatja	contemplation
përsiatjet	meditations
përsiatur	Reflecting
Persidën	Persis
Persidës	Persis
Persidësë	Persia
Persidhësë	Persida
përsiellë	farewell
përsiellsh	procession
përsillem	I bring
përsillni	bring
përsipër	ASSUME
përsipërë	over
përsiprë	above
përsipri	take over
Persisë	Persia
persishtja	Polish
person	person
persona	PERSONS
personal	personal
personale	personal
personalë	personal
personalisht	personally
personash	pERSONS
personat	PERSONS
personave	PERSONS
personi	PERSON
personin	person
personit	PERSON
përsos	Perfecting
përsosë	perfect
përsosen	refined
përsoseni	perfected
përsoset	perfect
përsosje	IMPROVING
përsosjen	perfection
përsosjes	perfection
përsosmëri	EXCELLENCE
përsosmëria	perfection
përsosmërie	perfection
përsosmërinë	excellence
përsosmërisë	excellence
përsosni	refine
përsosuni	perfected
përsosur	perfect
përsosura	perfect
përsosuri	fineness
përsuallnë	in return
përtac	sundowner
përtace	idlers
përtacë	lazy
përtacëve	slothful
përtaci	sloth
Përtacia	Laziness
përtacisë	laziness
përtacit	lazy people
përtej	beyond
përteje	beyond
përtejme	Hereafter
përtëri	refresh
përtëriftë	revive
përtërihenë	renew
përtërihet	renewed
përtërihetë	renew
përtërihi	renew
Përtërihuni	Renew yourself.
përtërijë	update
përtërijmë	renew
përtërijti	renewed
përtërijturë	renewed
përtërijturit	the renewed
përtërimë	renewal
përtërimesë	renewal
përtërimevet	renewals
përtërimit	renewal
përtërin	restores
përtërinë	refreshed
përtërini	refresh
përtërinjënë	renewal
përtërirë	Deuteronomy
përtërish	innovate
përtërite	renew
përtëritëmesë	refreshing
Përtëriten	They are new
përtëriteni	renewed
përtëriturit	the renewed
përtesës	lazy
përthyerë	broken
përtoj	laze
përtojë	to waste time
përtojëmë	please help me
përtokë	ground
përton	lazy
përtuanë	they were tired
përtuar	lazy
përtuarë	bored
përtuem	we are tired
përtuenë	perverted
përtueshim	we were tired
përtypen	chew
përtypenë	chew
përtypet	chew
përtypetë	chew
përtypnit	chew
përtypshinë	chewing gum
përtypur	chew
Perudas	Peruda
përul	decry
përula	humbled
përule	humbled
përulë	humble
përulej	bow
përulen	bow
përulën	prostrated
përuleni	incline
përulesh	worship
përulesha	gently
përuleshe	prostrating
përulësi	humility
përulësia	humility
përulësie	humility
përulësinë	humility
përulësisht	humbly
përulet	humbled
përuli	humble
përulje	HUMILIATION
përuljen	humility
përuljes	humility
përulni	afflict
Përuluni	Prostrate
përulur	HUMBLE
përulura	downcast
përulurin	humble
përulurit	lowly
përulurve	meek
përungjem	snoring
përungjëmesë	melancholy
përungjenë	the sound
përungjët	the ants
përungjetë	snoring
përungjëtë	the ants
përungjëtinë	pride
përungjëtit	the scoundrels
përungjëvet	the ants
përungji	snoring
përungjunë	snoring
përunj	humbles
përunje	humbled
përunjë	humility
përunjenë	humble
përunjesh	humble
përunjetë	humble
përunjëtëvet	humble ones
përunjëtit	the humble
përunjëtitë	humility
përunji	humbled
përunjurë	humble
përunjuret	humble
përunjurit	lowly
përunjuritë	humiliations
përurimin	inaugural
përuroi	inaugurated
përurojë	inaugurate
përuruar	inaugurated
përvar	hang
përvarenë	dependent
përvarnë	depending
përve	Pocketed
përveç	except
përveçe	except
Përveçë	Besides
përveçme	except
përveçmë	except me
përveçse	IN ADDITION
përvejë	except
përvëlimi	scalding
përvëlimit	then roasting
përvëlohem	broil
përvëlohetë	burns
përvëloi	scorched
përvëlojë	consume
përvëlon	parching
përvëlonetë	scorching
përvëlonin	they were burning
përvëluem	we got burned
përvëlues	burning
përvëluese	scorching
përvëlutë	scorched
përvëlutënë	burn
përven	except
përveshjë	cover
përvetëmë	exclusively
përvetësoi	taketh
përvetësojë	adopt
përvetësojnë	adopt
përvetëson	Acquire
përvidhen	sliding away
përvihenë	they are dressed
përvish	devout
përvishetë	pendant
përvishju	do your
përvishu	gird thyself
përvjetorit	anniversary
përvoja	experience
përvojë	experience
përvojën	the experience
përvojës	EXPERIENCE
përvu	put
përvuajtur	lowly
përvuajturi	lowly
përvuajturit	lowly
përvuajturve	lowly
përvujtërisë	humility
përvum	pass
përvume	I suffered.
përvumë	humble
përvumen	they are tolerated
përvumëvet	the peruvians
përvumit	agree
përvumitë	consents
përvuna	afflicted
përvunë	humble
përvuni	submit
përvutë	humble
përvutëtë	humble
përzanë	quarrel
përzë	dispatch
përzemërsisht	CORDIALLY
përzemërt	hearty
përzen	expels
përzënë	drive away
përzër	Kick
Përzëre	Cast
përzërë	expel
përzermërta	heartbreak
përzësh	dispossess
përzeu	drove
përzgjedhura	selected
përzi	interspersed
përzie	guessing
përziefshinë	mixture
përziehej	mixed
përziej	stir
përziejë	mix
përziejmë	stir
përziejnë	mix
përziejsh	mix
përziem	We mixed
përzieme	mixtures
përziemë	mixtures
përziemi	mix
përziemit	the mixture
përzien	mixed
përzienë	blended
përzieni	Steer
përzienjë	mixture
përzier	mixed
përziera	MIXED
perzierë	mixed
përzierë	mixed
përzierit	Nausea
përzierja	blending
përzierje	MIX
përzierjen	the mixture
përzieshë	mixture
përzieu	confused with
përzieva	I mixed
përzihe	mix
përzihej	mixed
përzihemi	get involved
përzihen	Oceans
përzihenë	mix
përziheni	associate
përzihet	intervening
përzihetë	mix
përzihi	mix
përzijinë	the mixture
përzime	mixtures
përzimë	winter
përzinë	sadness
përzini	drive away
përzinte	send them
përzishë	pity
përzishëmetë	pitiful
përzjej	Merge
përzjeu	Mingle
përzune	drive away
përzunë	expelled
përzuni	expel
përzura	chased
përzure	wast refused
përzuri	expelled
pesa	five
pesë	five
pesëdhietë	fifteen
pesëdhietës	50th
pesëdhjetë	fifty
pesëdhjetedytë	fiftieth
pesëdhjetën	the fiftieth
pesëdhjetërave	fifties
pesëdhjetësheje	fifty-something
pesëdhjetëshes	fifty
pesëdhjetësheve	fifty-seven
pesëdhjetëve	fifties
pesëmbëdhietë	fifteenth
pesëmbëdhietënë	fifteenth
pesëmbëdhjetë	fifteen
pesëmbëdhjetëtë	the fifteenth
pesëmbëdhjeti	fifteenth
pesëmbëdhjetinë	the fifteenth
pesëmijë	five thousand
pesëqind	five hundred
pesëqindtën	five hundred
pesëta	five
pesëtë	five
pesëtënë	five
pesëti	fifth
pesëve	Pesev
pesëvet	five people
pesha	weight
peshat	weights
peshave	weight
peshë	weight
peshën	weight
peshës	weight
peshimi	weight
peshk	FISH
peshkatar	fisherman
peshkatarë	fisherman
peshkatarësh	fisherman
peshkatarët	fisherman
peshkatarëtë	fishermen
peshkatarëve	POACHERS
peshkatarin	fisherman
peshkatorë	trawler
peshkatorëtë	fishermen
peshkim	fishing
peshkimi	fishing
peshkimit	FISHING
peshkoj	fish
peshkop	bishop
peshkopë	bishop
peshkopët	BISHOPS
peshkopëve	bishops
peshkopi	bishop
peshku	fish
peshkuar	fish
peshkun	fish
peshkunë	shark
peshkut	fish
Pesho	Weigh
peshoheshinë	were weighed
peshohet	weighed
peshoi	weighed
pëshoijnë	they suffer
peshojë	weigh
peshojnë	weigh
peshon	weighs
peshoni	weigh
peshonin	weighing
peshonjën	the scales
peshonte	weighed
peshore	scales
peshoreje	scales
peshoren	Balance
peshoret	balances
peshorja	Libra
peshova	weighed
peshove	you weighed
pëshpëriste	whisper
pëshpërit	whisper
pëshpëritë	whisper
pëshpëritej	murmuring
pëshpëritet	whisper
pëshpëritët	spoken
pëshpëritin	whisper
pëshpëritjen	whisper
pëshpëritur	murmuring
peshq	fairing
peshqir	towel
peshqirë	Towel
peshqirin	towel
peshqish	fish
peshqit	Pisces
peshqitë	fish
peshqve	fish
peshqvet	fish
peshtafin	bundle
pështëllijti	nausea
pështëllin	the sputum
pështëllinjënë	in the mud
pështëllinjësi	nausea
pështëllonjës	slanderer
pështëllonjësit	the scoundrels
pështihetë	spit
pështijënë	spit
pështijn	spit
pështijnë	they spit
pështijti	spit
pështijtinë	spitting
pështimë	saliva
pështira	detestable
pështirë	sickening
pështjellë	nausea
pështjellënë	the castle
pështjellim	confusion
pështjellimi	confusion
pështjellofshin	confusion
Pështjelloji	Confuse it.
pështjellojnë	perplex
pështjellon	confuses
pështjellturë	confused
pështjelluar	confused
pështolli	pistol
pështuallë	spit
pështum	spit
pështyjë	spit
pështyjnë	spit
pështymë	saliva
pështymën	spit
pështymësë	saliva
pështyn	spits
pështynë	spit
pështyni	spit
pështynin	they spat
pështyrave	spitting
pështyrë	spitting
pështyu	spit
peshua	weight
peshuan	weight
peshuar	Weighing
Pesidinë	Pesidine
pësim	incurrence
pësime	INCURENCE
pësimesh	INCURENCE
pësimet	The passions
pësimevet	sufferings
pësimin	sufferings
pësiminë	suffering
pësofçi	five-seven
pësoftë	suffer
pësoi	suffered
pësoim	we suffered
pësoj	incur
pësojë	incur
pësojënë	suffer
pësojmë	suffer
pësojnë	suffer
pëson	undergoing
pësoni	suffer
pësonjë	person
pësonte	suffer
pësosh	distress
pësova	I suffered
pesta	FIFTH
pestë	FIVE
pestën	FIFTH
pestëtë	fifth
pesti	fifth
pestit	Pest
pësuar	suffered
pësuara	suffered
pësuarat	the victims
pësuaratë	father-in-law
pësuarë	suffered
pësuaret	suffer
pësuarit	AFFECTED
pësuatë	suffer
pësuem	suffered
pësuemet	consequences
pësuenë	suffered
pësuetë	five
pësumë	wool
pet	five
peta	pancake
petë	noodles
petëka	foil
petëkat	the noodles
petëkatë	foil
petëkavet	noodles
petëkun	the veil
petëkunë	blanket
petëza	laminates
petëzuar	laminated
Pethahiahu	Pethahiah
Pethajahu	Pethahiah
Pethori	Pethor
Pethuelit	Pethuel
petk	dress
petka	garments
petkat	garments
petkatë	cloak
petkavet	clothes
petkë	dress
petku	Petcu
petkun	cloak
petkunë	dress
petkut	cloak
Petro	Peter
Petronë	Petrona
Petros	Peter
Petrosë	Petros
Petrua	Petrua
petulla	pancake
petullë	pancake
petullën	the pancake
Peulthai	Peulthai
peykut	satellite
pëzai	wait
pëzaita	peace
pëzaitnë	in the future
pëzaitunë	olive oil
pëzajinë	the beauty
pëzajnë	they are tired
pëzajsh	please
pëzajti	last
pëzajtnë	next
pëzana	weight
pëzante	wait
pezmatimin	inflammation
pezmatohet	irritable
pezmatoi	wroth
pezmatua	wroth
pezmatuan	discouraged
pezmatuar	wroth
pezmatuara	burning
pezull	hanging
pezulloi	suspended
pezullojnë	suspend
pezullua	suspended
pi	drink
pianec	pianist
Piaveca	Piaveca
Pibesethit	Pibeseth
piç	fuck
pickatorenë	the pickerel
pickimit	bites
pickon	bites
piedestal	pedestal
piedestali	pedestal
piedestalin	the pedestal
piek	bake
piekç	five
piekë	pie
piekëmë	we baked
piekën	the oven
piekënë	the pie
pieksh	pie
piekunë	baker
piekura	baking
piekurë	oven
piekurës	stove
piekurit	the adults
piekuritë	pies
piell	pie
piellat	the eggs
piellç	pie
piellë	pie
piellëjet	the fields
piellën	the pie
piellënë	the pie
piellët	the pies
piellëtë	dusty
pielli	pearl
piellinë	pielina
piellit	pie
piellurit	the dust
pien	drink
pierrë	Pierre
pies	pie
piesa	play
piesatë	piece
piesë	pies
piesën	the piece
piesënë	the piece
piesësë	piece
piesësh	pieces
piesët	pieces
piesëtar	musician
piesëtarë	musicians
piesëtarët	the players
piesëtari	part-time job
piestar	pietist
piestarët	the players
piet	piety
pieta	Piet
pietça	pieccha
pietë	piety
pietemi	respect
Pietër	Pieter
pieti	piety
pietishnë	piety
pietjëjëmë	please
pietn	pietn
pietnë	pietna
pietni	piety
Pietri	Peter
Pietrin	Pietri
Pietrinë	Pietrina
Pietrit	Pietri
Pietriu	Peter
pietura	piety
pieturat	pietures
pieturë	piety
pifçinë	the pub
pifshi	shit
pifshinë	pussy
piganit	the pig
piganoit	piganoit
pigë	pig
pihet	drinking
pii	drink
píi	pii
piititë	the piitites
pij	Pius
pija	drinking
pijanec	drinker
pijanecët	drunkards
pijanecëve	drunkards
pijaneci	tramp
pije	DRINKS
pijë	beverages
pijen	the drink
pijënë	the drink
pijesh	distiller
pijet	drinks
pijeve	liquor
piji	drink
pijmë	drink
pijnë	SMOKE
pijshëm	drinking
pijshin	they drank
pika	POINT
pikalarme	spotted sheep
pikaloshe	Plover
pikaloshë	speck
pikaloshetë	speckled
pikat	drops
pikatë	dots
pikë	point
pikëllim	sorrow
pikëllime	tribulations
pikëllimet	afflictions
pikëllimeve	afflictions
pikëllimevet	sorrows
pikëllimi	sorrow
pikëllimin	Grieving
pikëllimit	sorrow
pikëllo	grieve
pikëllohem	mourn
pikëllohen	mourn
pikëlloheni	sorrow
pikëllohesh	mourns
pikëllohet	mourn
Pikëllohuni	Despair
pikëlloj	afflict
pikëllojë	afflict
pikëllojnë	afflict
pikëllon	afflict
Pikëlloni	Grieve
pikëllosh	afflict
pikëllua	saddened
pikëlluan	pricked
pikëlluanë	sad
pikëlluar	sad
pikëlluara	dolorous
pikëlluarit	afflicted
pikëlluarve	afflicted
Pikëloni	Drop down
pikën	POINT
pikëpamje	VIEW
pikërisht	JUST
pikës	POINT
pikëtë	landmark
pikëtonej	punctuation mark
pikllimt	sorrows
piklluenë	sad
pikoi	dropped
pikojë	distil
pikojënë	drip
pikojnë	leaking
Pikoli	rose up
Pikolin	Phicol
pikon	leaky
Pikoni	drizzle
pikonjë	drop
pikonjënë	pigeon
piksur	clot
pikturuar	painted
pikturuara	painted
pikuanë	picuans
pikuar	dropping
Pilat	Pilate
Pilati	Pilate
Pilatiishte	Pilate
Pilatin	Pilate
Pilatit	Pilate
Pildashi	Pildash
Pildashinë	Example
Pileseri	Pileser
Pileserit	Pileser
Pilha	Pilha
pill	pill
Pillatosë	Pilate
Pillatua	Pillata
pillinë	the pit
pillni	give birth
pillnin	bore
pillte	bore
Pilneseri	Pilsner
Pilniserit	Pilsner
pilotët	pilots
pilotëve	pilots
Piltai	Piltai
pim	I drink.
pime	Pimen
pimë	Pimen
pimës	drink
pimitë	the pimientos
pin	drink
pincat	Tongs
pinë	Pine
pingërojë	chirp
pini	drink
pinin	drinking
pininë	pine tree
pinjojtë	piggy bank
pinjoll	sucker
pinjollin	suck
Pinon	Pinon
Pinoni	Pinon
pinte	BINGE
pipësë	pipes
pipëza	cannula
pipëze	cannula
pipëzë	pipe
piq	bake
piqe	Cook
piqej	baked
piqen	ripen
piqenë	ripe
piqeni	Boil
piqesh	mature
piqet	Bake
piqetë	picket
piqnë	ripen
piqni	bake
pira	pirate
piraks	pirax
piraksenë	pyracane
piraksetë	piraceta
piraksi	pyrax
piraksia	pyrexia
piraksira	pyracantha
piraksisë	piraxis
piraksishnë	in Piracicaba
piraksn	piraksn
piraksnë	piracsne
piraksni	piracsni
piraksurë	piraxura
pirasmo	pirasmo
pirasmoit	pyrasmoite
pirasmonë	pyramone
pirasmonje	piramone
Pirathon	Pirathon
Pirathoni	Pirathonite
Pirathoniti	Pirathonite
piravet	piravat
pirë	drinking
pirës	Pires
pirësi	smokers
pirësit	smokers
pirët	drinking
pirëtë	pirate
pirg	stack
pirgje	heaps
pirgjet	heaps
pirgjetë	scythe
pirgo	stack
pirgu	Huddle
pirgunë	stack
pirgut	heap
piri	drinking
pirja	Drinking
pirjen	SECOND-
pirjes	SMOKE
pirk	pirk
Pirros	pyrrhic
pirun	fork
pirunët	forks
piruni	fork
pis	messy
pisa	dirty
pisatoni	press
pise	write
pisë	pitch
pisësë	dirty
pisët	pitch
pisgah	Pisgah
Pisgahut	Pisgah
pish	MIP
pishina	swimming pool
pishinë	swimming pool
pishinën	swimming pool
pishinës	SWIMMING POOL
pishk	piss
pishkëtorë	torch
pishkëtorëtë	the whistleblowers
pishknë	piss
pishkut	the pussy
pishman	compunction
Pishon	Pishon
pishq	pig
pishqe	pine
pishqet	it sucks
pishqetë	piggy bank
pishqevet	the pines
pishqit	the pigs
pishqitë	swimming pools
pishtar	TORCH
pishtarë	torches
pishtarët	torch
pishtari	Torch
pishtarit	TORCH
pishtëllijënë	the whistle
pishtëllime	whistles
pishtëllinjë	pistol
pishtëllinjënë	pistol
pishtëllojënë	pistol
pishtëllojnë	they whistle
Pisidhi	Pisidia
Pisidhisë	Pisidia
Pisidi	Pisidia
Pisidiaishte	Pisidian
Pisidinë	Pisidia
Pisidisë	Pisidia
Piskop	Bishop
piskopë	bishops
Piskopi	Bishop
piskopn	bishop
Piskopnë	Bishop
pisllëku	filth
Pispahu	Pispah
pistë	runway
pite	waffle
pitë	waffle
pitet	pies
Pithomënë	Pithoma
Pithonit	Python
pitokëve	steeds
Pitom	Pithom
Pitoni	Python
pitrop	pitrop
pitropë	pitrop
pitropit	pitropite
piu	Pius
piva	drank
pive	drunk
pjata	plates
pjatat	the dishes
pjatë	PLATE
pjatën	dish
pjatës	dish
pjek	grill
pjekësh	bake
pjekim	bake
pjekin	they are baking
pjekur	mature
pjekura	baked
pjekurë	ripe
pjekurinë	maturity
pjekurisë	maturity
pjell	fawn
pjella	litter
pjellat	offspring
pjellç	lamb
pjellë	offspring
pjellën	firstborn
pjellënë	offspring
pjellës	offspring
pjellësë	offspring
pjellësh	bear
pjellin	calve
pjellja	litter
pjellje	parturition
pjelljen	firstborn
pjelljes	calving
pjelljet	increase
pjellor	prolific
pjellore	fertile
pjellorë	fruitful
pjelloria	fertility
pjellorinë	fertility
pjellorisë	fertility
pjeprat	melons
pjergull	pergola
pjergullën	vine
pjes	PARTICIPATION
pjesa	parT
pjese	part
pjesë	part
pjesëmarrës	PARTICIPANTS
pjesëmarrja	attendance
pjesëmarrje	participation
pjesëmarrjen	participation
pjesën	the part
pjesënë	the part
pjesërisht	partially
pjesës	SHARE
pjesësë	part
pjesët	parts
pjesëtar	MEMBER
pjesëtarë	MEMBER
pjesëtarët	members
pjesëtarëve	mEMBERS
pjesëve	parts
pjesshme	partial
pjestar	member
Pjetër	Peter
Pjetri	Peter
Pjetrin	Peter
Pjetrit	Peter
pjeturë	mature
Pjt	Pet
plaçëka	loot
plaçëkat	loot
plaçëkatë	loot
plaçëkavet	looters
placentës	afterbirth
plaçk	loot
plaçka	spoils
plaçkash	flea
plaçkat	spoils
plaçkatë	loot
plaçkave	baggage
plaçkavet	loot
plaçke	spoils
plaçkë	loot
plaçkën	spoil
plaçkës	spoils
plaçkisin	they loot
plaçkisnin	rob
plaçkit	rob
plaçkita	robbed
plaçkitë	plunder
plaçkitëm	we robbed
plaçkiten	looted
plaçkitën	looted
plaçkitenë	looting
plaçkitës	mugger
plaçkitëse	despoiler
plaçkiteshin	robbed
plaçkitësish	rovers
plaçkitësit	looters
plaçkitësve	rovers
plaçkitet	looting
plaçkiti	looted
plaçkitin	plundering
plaçkitja	looting
plaçkitje	PLUNDER
plaçkitjeje	robbery
plaçkitjes	robbery
plaçkitni	loot
plaçkitnin	despoiled
plaçkitnjë	looter
plaçkitnjënë	looter
plaçkitur	looted
plafa	blanket
plafin	ceiling
plafinë	ceiling
plag	wound
plaga	SCOURGE
plagat	wound
plage	wound
plagë	WOUNDS
plagën	wound
plagëra	wounds
plagës	wound
plagësë	the wound
plagësh	wounds
plagët	wounds
plagëtë	wounds
plagëve	wounds
plagëvet	wounds
plagos	wound
plagose	wound
plagosen	wounded
plagosën	wounded
plagosësh	bruise
plagoset	injured
plagosi	wounded
plagosjë	wound
plagosjeje	injury
plagosnë	wound
plagosshin	slain
plagoste	gore
plagosunë	we were injured
plagosur	wounded
plagosurat	is broken
plagosurë	wounded
plagosurën	injured
plagosurit	wounded
plagosurve	wounded
plagua	wound
plague	plague
plaguem	wound
plagueme	wounded
plak	old
plaka	old woman
plakat	old woman
plakatë	old woman
plakave	granny
plakavet	old women
plakë	granny
plakem	grow old
plaken	grow old
plakesh	getting old
plaket	aging
plaketë	plaque
Plaknë	Old woman
plakshë	old woman
plaku	ELDER
plakun	Elder
plakunë	old woman
plakur	old
plakut	Elder
plan	plan
plandësinë	fertility
plandos	throw
plandose	brought down
plandosën	fell back
plandosesh	brought down
plandosësh	plan
plandosi	shook
plandosin	drown
plandosshin	they were planning
plandoste	was planning
plandosur	crashing
plane	PLANS
planet	PLANs
planetit	planet
planeve	PLANS
plang	old man
plani	PLAN
planin	pLAN
planit	PLAN
plank	plank
plantacione	plantations
plasaritet	cracks
plasë	crack
plashkat	the cloaks
plashkatë	flatbread
plasi	broke
plasje	blowout
plasjen	blight
plasnë	burst
plasunë	crack
plasur	burst
platforma	PLATFORM
platformave	platforms
platformën	platform
platformës	Apron
pleh	FERTILIZER
plehe	manure
plehë	manure
plehërishte	dunghill
plehërishten	scarlet
plehëroj	dung
plehesh	manure
plehësh	fertilizer
plehet	fertilizer
plehëvet	fertilizers
plehra	WASTE
plehrash	trash
plehrat	fertilizers
plehun	manure
Plëhurat	The trash
plëhuratë	garbage
plëhure	garbage
plëhurë	garbage
plëhurësë	dustbins
plëhurëtë	the trash
plehut	FERTILIZER
Plejadat	Pleiades
Plejadave	Pleiades
pleksen	wrapped
pleksetë	plexus
pleksi	plexiglass
pleksnë	plek
pleksura	Involved
plëndësin	stomach
plëndësinë	fertility
plëngprishës	PRODIGAL
plëngprishësit	the prodigals
plënk	child
plepi	poplar
plepin	poplars
pleq	elderly
pleqëni	old man
pleqënisë	old age
pleqënit	the elders
pleqëri	senility
pleqëria	old age
pleqërinë	old age
pleqërisë	OLD-AGE
pleqërit	the elders
pleqësi	old age
pleqësia	elders
pleqësin	the old man
pleqësinë	designate the elders
pleqësisë	Pres
pleqet	elders
pleqsh	nursing
pleqt	The oldest ones
pleqtë	ELDERS
pleqve	Elderly
pleqvet	elders and
plesht	hopper
plisa	Lumpy
plisat	clods
Plitharëtë	The Plitharets
pllaka	PANEL
pllakat	TABLETS
pllakave	TILE
pllakë	tablet
pllakën	Tablet
pllakosë	afflict
pllakosi	embraced
pllakosjë	to plate
pllakosur	plagued
pllaneps	flat
pllanepsjë	to be quiet
pllanepsjënë	flatulent
pllanepsnë	flatulent
pllanepsura	flatulent
pllanepsuritë	the emptiness
pllas	flat
pllasi	flat
plogështi	apathy
plogështie	sloth
plogështisë	apathy
plogët	Slack
plojën	they fell
plore	plowshares
ploret	ploughshare
plorin	plow
plorit	plow
plot	full
plota	FULL
plotatë	complete
plotën	flood wave
plotësi	fullness
plotësia	fullness
plotësimin	FILL
plotësinë	completeness
plotësisë	completeness
plotësisht	FULLY
plotëso	FILL
plotësoftë	fulfill
plotësohej	completed
plotësohen	DEFINED
plotësoheshin	met
plotësohet	FILLED
plotësoi	completed
plotësoj	MET
plotësoje	Complete
plotësojë	complement
plotësojini	Fill
plotësojmë	fulfill
plotësojnë	MEET
plotëson	completes
plotësoni	FILLING
plotësonjësi	finisher
plotësosh	Satisfy
plotësova	completed
plotësove	answeredst
plotësua	completed
plotësuam	completed
plotësuan	completed
plotësuar	Complementing
plotët	lots of
plotëtë	complete
plotfuqishëm	omnipotent
Plotfuqishmi	Worthy
Plotfuqishmin	Almighty
Plotfuqishmit	Almighty
plotit	full
plugje	Plows
plugon	plows
pluhënë	dust
pluhëninë	dust
pluhunë	dust
pluhuni	dust yourself
pluhunin	dust
pluhur	DUST
pluhurash	powders
pluhurë	dust
pluhuri	dust
pluhurin	the dust
pluhurinë	dust
pluhurit	dust
plumb	BULLET
plumbçe	plumb
plumbçen	plummet
plumbi	LEAD
plumbin	impurities
plump	plump
plus	plus
pluskonte	floated
pluskuese	buoyant
Pnemësë	Pneuma
po	yes
poç	bulb
pocaqinë	pot
pocaqisi	pot
poçar	potter
poçarë	potter
poçari	POTTER
poçarin	potter
poçarit	potter
poçen	furnace
poçerisë	pottery
poçi	The crucible
poçin	bottle
Poçja	The crucible
Pocuol	Pozuol
Pocuoli	Pozzuoli
podhjera	vineyard
podium	podium
podiumin	the podium
poemën	poetry
poet	poet
poetënavet	poetesses
poetët	poet
poetit	poet
pogua	poga
poguan	they were hungry
poguarë	poor
Pohim	assertion
Pohimi	The statement
pohimin	statement
pohoi	claimed
pohojnë	AFFIRM
pohon	claims
pohonte	stated
pohosh	affirm
pohtisenë	the pohtisena
pohtisi	the promise
pohtisjë	silence
pohtisjëmë	let's talk
pohtisjënë	promise
pohtisni	please
pohtisurë	almost
pohuar	ALLEGED
Pokereth	Poker
Pokerethit	Pochereth
poktisjënë	precision
poktisurë	precision
polisht	Polish
polishtin	Polish
polishtinë	Polish
politarkët	politarchs
politike	POLITICAL
polla	poll
polli	polly
Polluke	Polluce
Poluti	Pollutant
pombepsi	pompepsi
Pompeu	Pompey
Ponc	Pontius
Pondio	Pondio
Pondioit	Pondioite
Pondiut	Pondiut
Pondo	Pond
Pondua	Pondua
ponirin	the pony
Pont	Pont
Ponti	Pontus
Pontiishte	Pontic
Pontit	Pontus
Pontiu	Pontius
Pontiut	Pontius
popuj	PEOPLES
popujsh	peoples
popujt	PEOPLES
popujtë	Populations
popujve	PEOPLES
popujvet	peoples
populat	populace
popull	people
popullata	population
popullatë	population
popullatës	pOPULATION
popullë	people
populli	PEOPLE
popullin	PEOPLE
popullinë	the people
popullit	PEOPLE
popullohet	populate
popullojnë	populate
popullsi	PEOPLE
popullsia	population
popullsisë	pOPULATION
populluan	peopled
populluar	populated
poq	roasted
poqa	roasted
poqë	baked
poqën	baked
poqi	baked
poqnë	yes
por	but
Porathan	Porathan
Porc	Pork
porfire	porphyry
porfirë	porphyry
porfirësë	porphyry
porfyra	porphyry
porfyre	porphyry
porfyrë	porphyry
porfyrta	porphyry
porfyrte	porphyry
porfyrtë	porphyry
porfyrtënë	in the forest
Porkiu	Porky
pornia	porn
porosi	ORDER
porosia	message
porosiash	order
porosiat	orders
porosie	indent
porosin	Order summary
porosinë	order
porosis	ORDERS
porosisë	SHIPPING
porosisim	command
porosisimë	order
porosisish	order
porosisnim	we commanded
porosisnin	they ordered
porosiste	reorder
porosit	indent
porosita	ordered
porositë	ORDER
porositëm	command
porositën	ordered
porositi	Charge
porositim	command
porositm	order
porositnë	order
porositni	order
porositnjë	order one
porositsh	orders
porositshim	we ordered
porositunë	ordered
porositur	BOOKED
porositurë	commissioned
porosituri	mandatory
porosive	Orders
porosivet	orders
porpurë	purple
Porqio	Porcio
porrit	porrit
porritetë	order
porsa	Once
porsamartuar	newlywed
porse	Porst
porsi	as a matter of fact
porsia	Porst
porsie	order
porsikur	just like that
porsin	order
porsinë	the order
porsira	order
porsisë	order
porsit	order
porsita	order
porsite	orders
porsitë	the orders
porsiti	order
porsitje	order
porsitjë	news
porsitjëm	we will order
porsitjëmë	please
porsitjënë	just one
porsitm	order
porsitn	order
porsitnë	order
Porsitni	Order
porsiturë	position
porsivet	orders
port	harbor
porta	gates
portare	porter
portarë	goalkeepers
portaresë	porter
portarësë	goalkeepers
portari	goalkeeper
portarinë	the goalkeeper
portat	PORTS
portatë	gates
portave	gates
portavet	gates
porte	PORTS
portë	TARGET
portën	GATE
portënë	the gate
portëratë	portrait
portëravet	portraits
portës	gate
portësë	gate
portet	ports
portët	ports
porti	port
portiere	Goalkeepers
portieren	goalkeeper of
portieri	Goalkeeper
portierin	goalkeeper
portik	portico
portikë	porches
portiku	porch
portikun	porch
portikut	porch
portin	PORT
portit	harbor
pos	Apart
posa	as soon as
posaçërisht	Particular
posakthyer	just returned
posht	down
poshtash	down
poshtë	DOWN
poshtëm	LOWER
poshtëme	downstream
poshtëmë	below
poshtëmet	the bottom
poshtëminë	the bottom
poshtër	dirt
poshtëra	filth
poshtërat	the meanness
poshtëre	vile
poshtërë	scoundrel
poshtëri	meanness
poshtërim	humiliation
poshtërime	humiliation
poshtërimet	humiliation
poshtërimi	humiliation
poshtërimin	humiliation
poshtërimit	humiliation
poshtërm	vile
poshtërme	vile
poshtërmitë	the scoundrels
poshtëro	shame
poshtërofshin	humiliate
poshtërohej	humiliated
poshtërohen	humiliated
poshtërohesh	thrust
poshtërohesha	I was humiliated.
poshtëroheshin	humiliated
poshtërohet	humiliated
poshtëroi	subdued
poshtëroj	demean
poshtëroja	subdued
poshtërojë	humiliate
poshtëroji	humble
poshtërojini	humble
poshtërojnë	afflict
poshtëron	demeans
poshtëroni	disgrace
poshtëronte	humiliate
poshtërsi	enormity
poshtërsia	shame
poshtërsinë	shame
poshtërsisë	lewdness
poshtërsish	meanly
poshtërsitë	folly
poshtërua	humiliated
poshtëruan	humiliated
poshtëruar	humiliated
poshtërues	DEGRADING
poshtëtë	lowly
poshtme	LOWER
poshtmë	low degree
poshtra	dastardly
poshtrat	dastardly
poshtrë	down
poshtri	lowliest
poshtrinë	the bottom
posi	as
posikur	as if
poste	BY MAIL
postë	COMMUNICATIONS
postet	mail
posti	office
pot	pot
potereje	rushing
poteren	the rumbling
pothenë	almost
pothuaj	almost
pothuajse	almost
Potifari	Potiphar
Potifarit	Potiphar
Potiferahut	Poti
Potiolë	Potiola
potir	chalice
potirash	cup holder
potirë	chalice
potirevet	potions
potirëvet	the cups
potiri	mundoque
potirin	cup,
potirinë	the pot
potirit	pot
potirnë	in the cup
potis	potty
potisi	potty
potisjë	potion
potism	potism
pozicion	position
pozicionet	positions
pozicioneve	positions
pozicionin	position
pozita	position
pozitat	Standings
pozitë	position
pozitën	position
pr	for
pra	thus
prag	THRESHOLD
pragje	thresholds
pragjet	CAPS
pragjeve	thresholds
pragjevet	thresholds
pragu	Prague
pragun	SHELF
pragut	CAP
prahe	Prague
prahem	close
prahen	Prague
prahenë	Prague
prahesh	you are tired
prahetë	praheta
prahi	front
prahu	left
prai	Praia
praitunë	you are welcome
praituni	pray
praitunit	the prime minister
praitunitë	the praitunias
prajsh	first
prajtëmesë	next
prajti	right
prajtiunit	righteousness
prajtnë	right
prajtun	right
prajtunë	right
prajtunit	right
praks	practitioner
praktika	practice
praktikat	PRACTICES
praktikave	PRACTICE
praktikë	practice
praktikohej	practiced
praktikojë	practice
praktikon	practices
praktikoni	REHEARSE
praktikuan	practiced
praktikuar	practice
prakun	thresholds
pralla	him stories
prallat	prall
prallavet	prallavat
pramati	before
Pramit	Jarmuth
pran	AT THE
Prandai	Therefore
prandaj	THEREFORE
pranë	near
pranga	irons
prangat	handcuffs
prangave	handcuffs
prangosjes	handcuffing
prani	PRESENCE
prania	PRESENCE
pranim	ADMISSION
pranimi	ADMISSION
praninë	presence
pranisë	presence
pranishëm	present
pranishme	present
pranishmëve	present
pranishmit	participants
prano	ACCEPT
pranoftë	accept
pranohej	accepted
pranohen	accepted
pranohesh	accepted
pranoheshin	accepted
pranohet	accepted
pranoi	RECEIVED
pranoj	accept
pranoja	Accept
pranoje	accept it
pranojë	ACKNOWLEDGES
pranojeni	RECEIVE
pranoji	Accept
pranojmë	ACCEPT
pranojnë	accept
pranon	accepts
pranoni	accept
pranonin	Confessing
pranonit	ACCEPT
pranonte	accept
pranosh	ACCEPTING
pranova	accepted
pranua	AGREED
pranuaka	accepted
pranuan	accepted
pranuar	Received
pranuat	you accepted
pranueshëm	acceptable
pranueshme	acceptable
pranverës	spring
prap	AGAIN
prapa	BEHIND
prapakthimi	setback
praparoja	rearward
praparojë	rearward
praparojën	rearward
prapavijat	hindmost
prapazë	buttock
prapazi	played backwards
prapë	again
prapëseprapë	Nevertheless
prapësi	misdemeanor
prapësia	iniquity
prapësinë	perversity
prapësitë	misdeeds
prapësme	still
prapësmenë	nevertheless
prapësmet	back
prapësmi	nevertheless
prapëson	subverts
prapësuar	void
prapi	almost intact
prapme	BACK
praps	fence off
prapsem	lose ground
prapsëm	back
prapsën	pushed
prapsenë	back
prapsetë	backside
prapsme	back
prapsur	rejected
praptezi	stubbornness
prapthi	backward
praruar	gilded
prashis	hoe
prashitë	harrow
pre	prey
prë	prey
preç	Prec
predikim	PREACHING
predikimi	PREACHING
predikimin	Sermon
predikimit	PREACHING
predikimt	sermon
prediko	preach
predikofsha	sermon
predikoftë	preach
predikohet	PREACHED
predikohetë	preached
predikoi	preached
predikoimë	we preached
predikoj	preach
predikojë	preach
predikojem	preach
predikojeni	preach it
predikojinë	preach
predikojmë	Preaching
predikojn	preach
predikojnë	PREACHING
predikon	preaches
predikoni	preach
predikonia	sermon
predikonim	preaching
predikonin	PREACH
predikonte	preaching
predikova	preached
predikua	preached
predikuam	preached
predikuan	preached
predikuar	Preached
predikue	preach
predikuem	preached
predikuen	preached
predikues	preacher
Predikuesi	preacher
predikuesin	Ecclesiastes
Predikuesit	Preachers
predikum	sermon
predikumë	sermon
predikunë	sermon
pree	prey
prefekt	mAyor
prefektë	presidents
prefektët	prefects
prefektëve	mayors
prefekti	Prefect
prefektin	the prefect
prefektit	prefect
preferenca	Preferences
preferosh	preferring
preferuar	favorite
preferuari	Favorites
prefëta	prefecture
prefëtë	prefect
prëfëtë	prophet
prefëtinë	prefecture
prefinë	prefecture
Prefnë	Prefne
prefshi	hide
preftë	cut off
prefunë	foreplay
preh	rested
prëhe	go away
prëhej	broke
prëhem	break
prehen	CUT
prëhen	break up
prehenë	rest
prëhenë	break
preheni	repose
prëheni	break up
prehesh	rest,
prëhesh	break up
prëheshë	break
preheshin	rested
prehet	rests
prëhet	breaks
prehëta	rest
prehetë	rest
prehëtë	rest
prëhetë	to break
prehi	rest
prëhi	sniff
prehje	repose
prehjeje	resting
prehjen	rest
prehjes	resting
prehnjë	rest
prehnjënë	rest
prehrin	lap
prehsha	rest
prehu	rest
prëhu	smell
prëhuni	get up
prehur	seek repose
prëhurë	fried
prëhurinë	the weather
prei	prey
prej	FROM
prëj	cofounders
preja	prey
prejardhja	origin
prejardhje	descent
prejardhjes	background
preje	Cut out
prëjë	for
Preji	Chisel
prëjmë	we go
prëjt	together
prejti	came
prëjti	always
prëjtinë	the neighborhood
prëjtura	led
prëjturë	ready
prejturi	coming
prëjturi	leadership
prejturit	the past
prëjturit	the poor
prëjturitë	the pros and cons
prëju	for you
prek	TOUCH
prekë	affect
prekej	affected
prekem	moved
prekëm	touched
preken	AFFECTED
prekën	aFFECTED
prekësh	touching
prekeshin	affected
preket	affected
preki	touch
Prekim	grope
prekin	AFFECTING
prekinë	touch
prekish	you touched
prekje	touch
Prekmëni	Touch me.
preknë	touch
prekni	touch
preknin	touching
prekshinë	touch
prekte	affect
prektë	touching
preku	TOUCHED
prekun	touch the
prekunë	touched
prekur	AFFECTED
premë	we cut
Prëmë	Yesterday
premit	Premi
premitë	PREMIUMS
prëmpte	immediately
prëmptenë	tomorrow
premte	FRIDAY
prëmte	yesterday
premtes	FRIDAY
prëmtesë	Friday
premtim	promise
premtime	promises
premtimet	promises
premtimeve	promises
premtimi	The Promise
premtimin	PROMISE
premtimit	The promise
premtja	Friday
premtoi	He promised
premtoj	promise
premtojnë	Pledge
premton	PLEDGES
premtova	I promised
premtove	promised
premtuan	they promised
premtuar	promised
premtuara	promised
pren	CUTS
prën	CUTS
prende	catch
prendeja	I was going to catch you.
prenden	are caught
prendesë	arrester
prenë	CUTS
prëni	bring
prënjç	root
prenjë	cut
prënjturë	snoring
prënjturit	the snorers
preokupimet	preoccupations
preokupuar	preoccupied
prep	prep
prera	CUT
prerat	Cuts
prerazi	emphatically
prerë	cut
prerëjesë	cutter
prerësi	cutter
prerët	concision
prerëtë	cutters
prerëvet	cutters
preri	prairie
prerit	cutting off
preritë	prairies
prerje	CUTTING
prerjesh	logging
pres	expect
presa	Press
prese	Presse
presë	host
presëja	I was waiting.
presëje	wait
presëjen	the host
presëjenë	they waited
presëjesë	host
presëmë	we waited
presën	press alone
presënë	they waited
presës	blade;
presësh	WAIT
preshtë	leek
presi	wait
presie	wait
presienë	press
presiesë	precisely
presim	WAIT
presimë	we are waiting
presin	EXPECT
presinë	the press
presish	waiting
presmë	we are waiting
pret	hosts
pretekst	pretext
pretendojnë	claim
pretendon	Pretend
pretendonin	claimed
pretorët	The magistrates
pretorëve	magistrates
pretori	praetor
pretorin	praetor
Pretorio	Pretoria
pretorium	Praetorium
pretoriumi	palace
Pretoriumiishte	Praetorian Guard
pretoriumin	palace
pretuar	some signs
preu	cut off
preva	hewed
prezantua	introduced
prezencën	the presence
pri	April
priç	prince
prift	PRIEST
priftë	priesthood
priftën	the priest
priftëna	priestess
priftënash	priestly
priftënavet	priestesses
priftëni	priest
priftënia	priesthood
priftëninë	priesthood
priftënisë	priesthood
priftënish	priest
priftënit	priests
priftënitë	priesthoods
priftër	priests
priftëre	priestess
priftërë	priests
priftëret	priests
priftëri	PRIESTLY
priftëria	PRIESTHOOD
priftërie	priesthood
priftërinë	PRIESTHOOD
priftërinj	priests
priftërinjsh	priests
priftërinjtë	the priests
priftërinjve	priests
priftërisë	PRIESTHOOD
priftërit	the priests of
priftëritë	priesthoods
priftëroi	priested
priftëroninë	priesthood
priftëronjë	priestess
priftëronjën	the priestess
priftëronjënë	priestess
priftëror	priestly
priftërore	priestly
priftëruarë	priests
prifti	The priest
priftin	priest
priftinë	priesthood
priftit	priest
priftrëvet	priests
Priftrit	Priests
prija	lead
prijë	lead
prijës	GUIDE
prijësat	chiefs
prijësi	leader
prijësish	leaders
prijësit	prince
prijësve	leaders
prijnë	Preceding
prikë	dower
prikësë	dowry
primë	primates
primna	first name
prin	Leads
princ	prince
princa	princes
princash	lordly
princat	officials
princave	princes
princër	princes
princërit	princes
princërve	princes
princesha	princess
princeshat	princesses
princi	Prince
princin	Prince
principata	Principality
principatat	principalities
principatave	principalities
principate	principality
principatë	princedom
princit	prince
prindërit	parents
prindërore	parental
prindërve	parents
prini	leaded
prinin	leaded
printe	prints
prir	leaned
prire	BRING
prirë	inclined
prirem	incline
prirenë	tendency
priresh	you tend
priret	tends
priretë	meadows
priri	pririt
prirje	trend
Prirjet	TRENDS
priru	inclined
prirur	LIKELY
prisëmë	we waited
prish	warp
prisha	I destroyed
prishç	ruin
prishçi	ruin
prishçinë	Pristina
prishe	FOOLED
prishë	Severing
prishej	break
prishëja	the ruin
prishëje	destruction
prishëjë	spoil
prishëjen	the destruction
prishëjën	they ruined
prishëjenë	the ruin
prishëjes	destruction
prishëjesë	destruction
prishëjësë	spoiler
prishëjet	breakdowns
prishëm	turn sour
prishëmë	perishable
prishen	annul
prishën	demolished
prishenë	they broke
prishënë	ruined
prisheni	consumed
prishës	wrecker
prishëset	wrecker
prishesh	you break down
prishësh	overwrite
prishësi	spoiler
prishësinë	decay
prishësit	spoiler
prishësitë	the ruins
prishet	QUASHED
prishetë	spoil
prishëtë	spoil
prishi	Discard
prishie	ruin
prishien	ruin
Prishila	Priscilla
Prishilës	Priscilla
prishimë	ruin
prishin	spoil
prishinë	ruin
prishish	you spoil
prishja	Dissolution
prishje	rancidity
prishjë	ruin
prishjëmë	break me
prishjen	demolish
prishjënë	ruin
prishjes	BREAKING
prishnë	spoil
prishni	Destroy
prishnin	perverted
prishnje	demolition
prishnjë	ruin
prishnjën	the ruin
prishnjënë	Pristina
prishshëm	corruptible
prishte	disrupted
prishtë	Prishta
prishtej	break down
prishtur	broken
prishumë	spoil
prishun	spoil
prishunë	broke
prishur	spoiled
prishura	rotten
prishuravet	ruins
prishurë	broken
prishuri	wretched
prishurit	washout
prisim	Prism
prisinë	the expectation
prisja	expected
prisje	Expecting
Priska	Priska
Priskën	Prisca
Priskës	Priska
Priskila	Priscilla
Priskilën	Priscilla
Priskilënë	Priscilla
Priskilla	Priscilla
Priskillës	Priscilla
Priskulla	Priscilla
prisn	waiting
prisnë	they wait
prisni	wait
prisnim	We looked
prisnin	expected
prisnit	expect
prisnjam	I was waiting.
Prisqilla	Priscilla
Prisqillënë	Priscilla
Prisqillësë	Priscilla
priste	expected
prit	wait
prita	ambush
pritat	dikes
prite	Embankment
pritë	ambush
priteç	receptionist
pritej	expected
pritëja	ambush
pritëm	waited
pritëmesë	host
priten	EXPECTED
pritën	received
pritenë	they are waiting
priteni	CUT
pritës	host
pritesh	you wait
priteshinë	reception
pritësit	Expectant
pritet	EXPECTED
pritët	wait
pritetë	expected
priti	RECEIVED
pritinë	they waited
pritishnë	waiting
prititë	you waited
pritja	reception
pritje	Sight
pritjen	RECEPTION
pritjes	reception
pritmë	wait for me
pritn	wait
Pritnani	Wait
pritnë	wait
pritni	EXPECTING
pritnia	expectation
Pritnie	watch for
pritnin	expected
pritshinë	Prishtina
prittë	wait
pritun	PENDING
pritunë	ambush
prituni	wait
pritunit	wait
pritur	ExPECTED
priturë	expecting
prituri	anticipation
priturit	expectation
prituritë	expectations
priu	led
privatë	private
privatëve	privates
prive	private
privilegj	PRIVILEGE
privohet	deprived
privojë	deprive
privoni	deprive
privosh	bereave
privuan	short
privuar	DEPRIVED
pro	pros
problem	problem
probleme	issues
problemet	problems
problemi	PROBLEM
proces	process
prodhi	produce
prodhim	MANUFACTURE
prodhime	feeders
prodhimet	output
prodhimeve	products
prodhimi	Produce
prodhimin	GENERATION
prodhimit	PROdUCER
prodhimtare	productive
prodhiorisurë	production
prodhohen	PRODUCED
prodhohet	is produced
prodhoi	produced
prodhojë	produce
prodhojnë	GENERATING
prodhon	manufactures
prodhonte	generate
prodhos	produce
prodhoseni	produce it
prodhot	produce
Prodhotë	Product
prodhotër	producer
prodhromo	produce
prodhuan	produced
prodhuar	produced
profan	profane
profane	profane
profanë	unlearned
profanët	unlearned
profanit	unholy
profas	PROFAST
profeci	PROPHECY
profecia	PROPHECY
profecie	prophecy
profecinë	prophecy
profecisë	PROPHECY
profecitë	PROPHECY
profecive	prophecies
profet	PROPHET
profete	prophetess
profetë	PROPHETS
profetën	the prophet
profetëna	prophetess
profetënash	prophetess
profetënat	prophets
profetënatë	prophecy
profetënavet	prophethood
profetëneshë	prophetess
profetënish	prophet
profetënit	the prophets
profetënitë	prophecies
profëtënitë	prophecies
profetësh	prophets
profetesha	prophetess
profeteshë	prophetess
profeteshën	prophetess
profetët	PROPHETS
profetëtë	the prophets
profetëve	prophets
profetëvet	Profetëve
profeti	prophet
profetik	oracular
profetike	prophetically
profetin	PROPHET
profetit	Prophet
profetizo	prophesy
profetizofshinë	prophet village
profetizoi	prophesied
profetizoimë	we prophesied
profetizoj	foretell
profetizoja	prophesying
profetizojë	prophesy
profetizojënë	prophesy
profetizoji	Prophesy
profetizojinë	prophesy
profetizojmë	prophesy
profetizojnë	prophesy
profetizon	prophesies
profetizoni	prophesy
profetizonin	prophesying
profetizonit	prophesy
profetizonte	prophesying
profetizosh	prophesy
profetizova	prophesied
profetizuam	prophesy
profetizuan	prophesied
profetizuar	prophesied
profetizuem	prophesied
profetizuenë	prophesied
profezi	prophecy
profezia	prophecy
profeziash	prophecies
profezie	prophecy
profezis	prophecy
profezisë	prophecy
profisisë	profession
profit	profit
profitë	profits
profitepç	profiteer
profiteps	profiteers
profitepsi	profiteer
profitepsjëmë	profiteer
profitepsjënë	profiteers
profitepsjëtë	profiteers
profitepsm	profitepsm
profitepsnë	profiteers
profitepsni	profiteers
profitër	profiteer
profitëresha	profiteer
profitëreshësë	profiteers
profitëret	profiteers
Profitëretë	Profiteers
Profitërisht	Profitably
profitërit	profiteers
profitëritë	profits
profitesha	profiteer
profiteshë	profiteer
profitet	profits
profitëtë	profits
profitëvet	profits
profiti	Profit
profitia	profitability
profitiet	profits
profitinë	profit
profitisë	profit
profitit	profit
profititë	profits
profitnë	profit
programon	schedules
programuar	programmed
Prohorin	Prochorus
Prohoronë	Prohoron
proi	good
projekt	PROJECT
projekte	projects
projekti	actIoN
projektin	DESIgN
projektojnë	project
projektoni	projected
prokonsuj	proconsuls
prokonsull	proconsul
prokonsulla	proconsul
prokonsulli	proconsul
Prokonsulliishte	Proconsulship
prokonsullin	proconsul
prokonsullinë	proconsulship
Prokonsullishte	Proconsulship
prokops	Prokop
prokopsjënë	prokopsjena
prokopsuritë	prokopsuri
Prokorin	Prochorin
prolips	prolapse
prona	property
pronar	owner
pronarët	owners
pronarëve	owners
pronari	OWNER
pronarin	LANDLORD
pronarit	OWNER
pronat	Property
pronave	PROPERTY
pronë	property
pronën	property
pronës	property
pronësi	ownership
pronësia	property
pronësinë	property
pronësisë	property
pronësitë	possession
pronja	property
pronje	property
pronjësë	property
pronjet	properties
pronjët	properties
proorisurë	proorisure
propagandoni	brag about
propozim	PrOPOSAl
propozime	proposal
propozimi	Proposal
propozo	Propose
propozoi	proposed
propozoj	slate
Propozoji	utter
propozon	PROPOSES
propozove	propounded
propozuam	proposed
propozuar	proposed
prora	property
prornë	property
proselit	proselyte
proselitë	proselyte
proselitët	proselytes
prosilitë	prosilitia
Prosilitnë	Proselytize
prostitucioneve	prostitution
prostitucioni	PROSTITUTION
prostitucionit	prostitution
prostituta	prostitutes
prostitutat	prostitutes
prostitutave	prostitutes
prostitute	prostitute
prostitutë	prostitute
prostitutën	prostitute
prostitutës	prostitute
protestoni	Contend
protestonin	protest
protestuan	protested
protestuar	protest
prothesi	prosthesis
prothesisë	prosthesis
prothesit	prostheses
protokët	protocols
protollogo	protologo
protoparë	protopair
prototok	proto-earth
prototokëvet	proto-earths
prova	EVIDENCE
provash	evidence
provat	EVIDENCE
provë	TRIAL
provën	evidence
provënë	the test
proverb	proverb
proverba	PROVERBS
proverbi	proverb
provës	EVIDENCE
provim	EXAM
provime	exams
provimi	EXAM
provimin	EXAM
provinca	province
provincat	provinces
provincave	provinces
province	province
provincë	province
provincën	the province
provincës	province
provo	PROBE
provohei	try it
provohen	tested
provohenë	are tested
provoheni	tested
provohet	PROVED
provohetë	to be tried
provohi	try
provoi	tried
provoj	try
provoje	WITNESS
provojë	try
Provojeni	try
provojnë	PROVES
provokim	provocation
provokimeve	provocations
provokimit	provocation
provokoi	provoked
provokoj	tempt
provokojë	provoke
provokojmë	provoking
provokojnë	provoke
provokon	PROVOKE
provokoni	Meddle
provokonin	provoked
provokuan	provoked
provokuar	provoked
provokuat	you provoked
provokuese	provocative
provomë	let's try
provon	proves
provoni	TRY
provonjë	try
provonte	prove
provosh	try
provove	tested
provua	tested
provuan	SUFFERED
provuanë	they tried
provuar	TESTED
provuara	proven
provuarë	proven
provuarit	proving
provuem	we tried
provuen	tried
provuenë	proven
provues	tester
provueshim	probation
provueshimit	probation
prozelit	proselyte
prozelitë	proselyte
pru	bring
prua	bow
prufsh	proof
prufsha	proof
prufshi	brass
pruftë	try
prum	plum
prumë	Prum
prumesë	fruit
prumit	plum
prun	Prune
pruna	plum
Prune	Prunes
prunë	brought
pruni	bring
prura	I brought
prure	bring emerging
prurë	brought
prurës	bearer
prurësve	golden pipes
pruri	brought
prurja	FLOW RATE
prush	ember
prushi	embers
prushin	coals
prushinë	embers
prushit	coals
prutë	have brought
pruva	Pruvia
prymë	lead
Ps	SP
psall	psalm
psallë	psalm
psallësitë	the curses
psalli	psalm
psallim	psalm
psallin	they sing
psalljë	psalm
psalljënë	psalm
psallm	psalms
psallma	psalm
psallmat	psalms
psallme	psalms
psallmë	psalm
psallmëra	psalms
psallmëvet	psalms
psallmo	sing
psallmodhi	psalmist
Psallmonë	Psalms
psallmora	I sang.
psallmovet	psalms
psallni	sing
psallnjë	poem
psallnjënë	last name
psallter	psalmist
psallteri	psalter
psalltir	chant
psalltiri	chant
psalltrëtë	psalmist
psallunë	psalm
psallurë	psalms
psalm	psalm
psalme	psalmody
psalmet	Psalm
Psalmeve	Psalms
psalmevet	psalms
psalmin	psalm
Psalni	Psalmi
psalterit	Psalter
psaltir	psaltery
pse	why
pseftoprofet	false prophet
pshefas	blasphemer
pshefate	gossip
pshefazë	face
pshefësina	the secret
pshefësinë	the secret
pshefësinën	the secret
pshefëtë	bosses
pshefnë	head
pshefunë	shit
pshefunit	boss
pshefunivet	the bosses
pshehëtë	fish
psherëtij	suspire
psherëtijmë	sigh
psherëtijnë	sigh
psherëtima	sighing
psherëtimat	sigh
psherëtimavet	sighs
psherëtimë	sigh
psherëtimën	sighing
psherëtimënë	the sigh
psherëtimës	breathing
psherëtimësë	sigh
psherëtimi	sigh
psherëtin	sighs
psherëtinë	sighs
psherëtinjç	sigh
psherëtinjënë	sigh
psherëtirë	sighing
psherëtiu	sigh
psheteshim	let's walk
pshifte	peace
pshimë	sneeze
pshimet	sighs
pshtetëja	the state
pshtetëje	peace
pshtetëjen	the citizen
pshtetëjenë	they are citizens
pshtetetë	psst
pshteturë	saved
pshtiellç	spshtiellc
pshtiellë	spear
pshtiellurë	spittle
pshtillenë	spittle
pshtuall	spit
pshtymurë	spit
pshtyturatë	spit
psofisnë	psofisne
Ptolemaidë	Ptolemais
Ptolemaidhë	Ptolemais
pu	well
Puah	Phew
Puahë	Puahe
Puahut	Puah
puallë	piglet
puallëm	we were tired
puallnë	in the morning
Publi	Publius
publikam	I publish.
publikan	publican
publikanë	publican
publikanësh	publicans
publikanët	publicans
publikanëtë	publicans
publikanëvet	publicans
publikani	publican
publike	PUBLIC
publikisht	publicly
Publit	Publius
Publius	Publius
Publiusit	Publius
Publiut	Publius
puçërr	pimple
puçrra	rash
puçrrat	pimples
Pudenti	Pudenti
Pudhi	Pudhi
Pudi	Pudding
puell	Puella
puellnë	in the fight
pugamitë	pugs
pugan	gun
puganësi	poverty
puganësina	puganism
puganësinën	the peasantry
pugatë	pug
Pul	Chicken
pula	chickens
pulasat	chickens
pulasinë	poultry
pulëbardhën	gull
Puli	Puli
pulisht	colt
pulishta	police station
pulishtë	colt
pulishtin	colt
pulishtinë	the well
Pulit	Pul
pulitetë	politeness
pulla	STAMP
pullas	stamp
pullazeve	roofs
pullazin	roof
Pullë	Stamp
pullumba	pigeon
pullumbash	pigeon
pullumbatë	pigeons
pullumbi	pigeon
pullumbit	pigeon
pullump	pullup
pulpat	pulp
pun	work
puna	JOBS
pune	WORKING
punë	working
punën	the work
punënë	the work
punëra	work
punërat	the affairs
punëratë	work
punëravet	chores
punës	LABOR
punësë	position;
punësh	jobs
punësuar	hired
punësuarit	employee
punet	JOBS
punët	Jobs
punëtë	work
punëtor	worker
punëtorë	laborers
punëtorët	worker
punëtorëtë	workers
punëtorëve	employees
punëtorëvet	workers
punëtori	workshop
punëtorin	employee
punëtorinë	workshop
punëtorit	Workshops
punëtuar	employed
punëtuarë	employees
punëtuarin	the employee
punëtuer	worker
punëve	AFFAIRS
punëvet	jobs
pungji	fist
punim	Decorative
punime	EXECUTIONS
punimesh	papers
punimet	Decorative
punimeve	WORK
punimi	MAKING
punimin	TREATMENT
puno	WORK
punofsh	work
punoftë	may it work
punohej	worked
punohen	worked
punohenë	they work
punoheni	tilled
punohet	TRACK
punohetë	work
punoi	worked
punoijnë	they work
punoimë	we worked
punoishin	they worked
punoishinë	worker
punoj	WORK
punoje	work
punojë	work
punojëmë	work with me
punojën	the worker
punojënë	worker
punojinë	work
punojmë	WORKING
punojn	work
punojnë	WORKING
punojsh	work
punon	works
punonetë	work
punoni	Work
punonin	working
punoninë	employee
punonjç	employee
punonjë	are wor
punonjënë	employee
punonjës	WORKER
punonjësit	EMPLOYEE
punonjësve	employee
punonte	working
punosh	WORKING
punova	I worked
punove	worked
punua	worked
punuam	worked
punuan	worked
punuanë	they worked
punuar	worked
punuara	WORKED
punuarat	the works
punuaravet	works
punuarë	working
punuari	working
punuarit	working
punue	worked
punuem	tooled
punuemet	work
punuemevet	workers
punuenë	worked
punuesi	maker
punuetë	work
punumë	we worked
pupat	Pupa
pupëzën	hoopoe
pupla	feathers
puplat	FEATHERS
Puplio	Puplio
Puplioit	Puplioit
pupulat	pupils
puqën	converged
Pur	Pur
Purahun	Phurah
Puri	Puri
Purim	Purim
Purimin	Purim
Purimit	Purim
Purin	Pur
purosit	cigars
purpur	heliotrope
purpure	heliotrope
purpurën	purple
purpuri	purple
purpurin	purple
purpurit	purple
purpurt	heliotrope
purpurta	purple
purpurtash	PURPLE
purroi	purred
purroit	purr
purroj	purr
purrojtë	purr
purrua	murmured
purruat	you purred
purrue	purr
purteka	rods
purtekat	rods
purtekave	rods
purtekë	perch
Purtesa	Port
purtese	carrier
purtesës	porter
purtesësi	portability
purtesësit	the bearers
purtesësitë	purity
purtimit	investigation
purto	bring
purtofshim	breath
purtoj	carry
purton	carries
purtoni	carry
purtuarë	brought
pus	IPs
pusa	wells
pusat	Pusan
puse	WELLS
puset	wells
puseve	wells
push	STP
pushim	BREAK
pushimi	HOLIDAYS
pushimin	holiday
pushimit	RECREATION
pushimt	holidays
pusho	silence
pushoç	rest
pushofçinë	the truce
pushofshinë	vacation
pushoi	ceased
pushoijnë	rest
pushoimë	we rested
pushoishem	restful
pushoishinë	they were resting
pushoj	stow
pushoja	at rest
pushojë	cease
pushojëmë	rest me
pushojënë	rest
pushojinë	vacation
pushojmë	stop
pushojnë	relax
pushojsh	rest
pushon	TERMINATION
pushoni	rest
pushonin	Ceaseth
pushoninë	rest
pushonj	rest
pushonje	rest
pushonjë	rest
pushonjënë	rest
pushonte	laying
pushosh	REST
pushova	ceased
Pushove	ceased
pushteçimenë	conquest
Pushteçimi	Conquest
pushtet	power
pushtetarët	rulers
pushtetarëve	rulers
pushtete	GOVERNMENTS
pushtetësi	ruler
pushtetësit	the rulers
pushtetet	powers
pushtetetë	powers
pushteteve	GOVERNMENT
pushtetevet	powers
pushteti	power
pushtetin	GOVERNMENT
pushtetinë	government
pushtetit	GOVERNMENT
pushtetmadh	in power
pushtetshëm	power
pushtetshim	power
pushtetshimesë	power
pushtetshiminë	power
pushtetshme	mighty
Pushtetshmi	Powerful
pushtimi	The invasion
pushtimit	invasion
pushto	conquer
pushtoftë	may it conquer
pushtohet	invaded
pushtohetë	be conquered
pushtoi	invaded
pushtojë	capture
pushtojmë	occupy
pushtojn	invade
pushtojnë	Occupy
pushtojsh	conquer
pushton	pushto
pushtoni	Occupy
pushtoninë	occupation
pushtonjç	invader
pushtonjë	invader
pushtonjën	the invader
pushtonjënë	invader
pushtonte	invaded
pushtosh	possess
pushtove	caught
pushtroi	conquered
pushtruanë	Pushtruan
pushtruarë	occupied
pushtua	occupied
pushtuam	took
pushtuan	invaded
pushtuanë	they conquered
pushtuar	conquer
pushtuarë	conquered
pushtuari	conquered
pushtuarin	conquered
pushtuarit	conquered
pushtuarve	conquered
pushtuat	possess
pushtuem	conquered
pushtuenë	conquered
pushtues	invader
pushtuesin	conqueror
pushuam	ceased
pushuan	fired
pushuanë	they rested
pushuar	ceased
pushuarë	retired
pushuarëtë	retired
pushuem	we rested
pushuenë	rested
pusi	Flashlights
pusin	Flashlights
pusinë	ambush
pusit	Flashlights
pusivet	wells
pust	empty
Puteolë	Puteola
puth	kiss
puthe	kiss
puthëme	kisses
puthen	kiss
puthën	they kissed
putheni	kiss
puthenjtë	kisses
puthi	kissed
puthin	kiss
puthinë	kiss
puthisurë	kiss
puthja	kissing
puthje	kiss
puthjen	kiss
puthm	kiss
puthme	kiss
puthmë	kiss
puthn	kiss
puthni	kiss
puthnin	kissing
puthnjam	kiss
puthnjënë	kiss
puthte	kiss
puthtueme	kiss
puthunë	kiss
puthur	kissing
puthura	kisses
puthurat	kisses
puthuratë	kiss
puthurë	kiss
puthuri	kissing
Puti	Put
Putielit	Phutiel
Putit	Libyans
putrave	Putra
Puvahu	Pua
puvitëve	Punites
puz	pit
puzi	puzzle
puzit	the pit
puzn	sleep
pyeç	ask
pyeçinë	question mark
pyeje	Forests
pyejet	Forests
pyes	ask
pyesë	ask
pyesëmë	ask us
pyesën	they asked
pyesënë	they asked
pyesi	Ask the
pyesim	ASK
pyesin	wondering
pyesinë	question
pyesish	questioner
pyesja	ask
pyesni	ask
pyesnin	asked
pyeste	asked
pyet	asks
pyeta	I asked
pyetemi	We wonder
pyetën	asked
pyeteni	asked
pyetetë	questions
pyeti	asked
pyetinë	the question
pyetja	qUESTION
pyetje	question
pyetjeje	question
pyetjen	question
pyetjesh	Questions
pyetjeve	queries
Pyetmëni	for questioning
pyetnë	ask
pyetni	ask
pyetnin	asked
pyetsha	I asked.
pyetshin	would ask
pyetshinë	question mark
pyettë	ask
pyetun	asked
pyetunë	asked
pyetur	asked
pyeturë	asked
pyeturi	RESPONDENT
pygargu	pygargoyle
pyje	FOREST
pyjet	forests
pyjetë	forest
pyjeve	FORESTRY
pyll	forest
pyllë	forest
pyllëzuar	wooded
pylli	FOREST
pyllin	Forestry
pyllinë	forest
pyllit	FOREST
pyllt	forests
pyrg	guide themselves
pyrgjet	the towers
pyrgu	pyre
pyrk	pyre
pysin	ask
pysinë	the question
pyste	ask
pyt	ask
Pythoni	Python
pyti	asked
pytnë	question
pytunë	python
q	q
qafa	neck
qafat	necks
qafave	necks
qafe	col
qafë	neck
qafëfortë	stiff-necked
qafën	NECK
qafënë	the neck
qafëpërpjetë	stretched
qafës	NECK
qafësë	neck
qafët	necks
qafore	collar
qaforeja	necklace
qaforenë	necklace
qaforetë	necklace
qaforeve	collar
qahen	mourned
qaheshinë	they cried
qahet	laments
qai	Messoudene
qaijnë	they cry
qaj	cry
qaja	cry
qajë	cry
qajënë	the cry
qajëtë	the tears
qaji	cry
qajnë	cry
qajtim	crying
qajtitë	the cries
qan	cries
qanë	wept
qani	weep
qanim	cried
qanin	weeping
qante	cried
qara	weeping
qaramanët	mourners
qarat	weeping
qarë	crying
qarëtë	crying
qarit	Qari
qarje	cry
qarjen	crying
qark	circuit
qarkohi	circle
qarkojë	encompass
qarkojënë	in the circle
qarkojnë	trench
qarkon	encompasses
Qarkoni	Circle
qarkonj	circles
qarkonjç	district
qarkonjë	circuit
qarkonjënë	the circle
qarkuan	encompassed
qarkuanë	from the region
qarkuarë	circular
qarkuarët	the circuit breakers
qarkuem	surrounded
qarkuemit	circuit breaker
qarkuen	circled
qarkuenë	the district
qarkullim	CIRCULATION
qarkunë	district
qarta	CLEAR
qartat	clear
qartatë	clearly
qartatore	clear
qartë	CLEAR
qartënë	clearly
qartëra	clear
qartërat	the clear ones
qartëratë	clearly
qartësë	clarity
qartësoj	clarify
qartim	clarification
qartimesh	clarifications
qarto	clearly
qartoftë	let it be clear
qartohe	be clear
qartohenë	become clear
qartohi	clear up
qartoi	clarified
qartoish	clear
qartoj	clarify
qartojë	clarify
qarton	clarifies
qartoni	clarify
qartue	clear
qartuem	clear
qas	approach
qasejnë	approach
qasem	I approach
qasenë	access
qaset	access
qasetë	bag
qash	cry
qasi	ACCESS
qasjënë	approach
qasn	approach
qasnë	access
qasurë	pocket
qatë	damned
qau	cried
qava	cried
qave	wept
qe	THAT
Qedemothit	Qedemoth
qedhiosinë	the end of life
Qedhronit	The Cedronites
qeft	cool
qeftevet	blankets
qefti	jacket
qeftin	they are sleeping
qeftinë	the cloak
qeftit	you're welcome
Qehre	Hair
Qehresë	Laughter
qejf	binge
qejfe	pleasures
qejfet	binge
qejfeve	joyous
qejfin	please
qëkur	since
qëkurse	ever since
qelb	PUS
qelben	reek
qelbësira	smell stinks
qelbësirë	foulness
qelbet	whiff
qelbetë	pus
qelbëzuara	corrupt because
qelbin	pus
qelbur	stinking
qelbura	filthy
qelëndyshe	jellyfish
qeli	lockup
qëlim	Qelim
qelinë	cell
qelira	cell
qelle	Qellat
qelletë	cell
qellim	ORDER
qëllim	view
qëllime	PURPOSES
qëllimet	view
qëllimeve	view
qëllimi	purpose
qëllimin	the purpose
qëllimit	goal
qëllofshinë	cannonball
qëlloftë	shoot
qëlloi	shot
qëlloj	batter
qëllojë	shoot
qëllojnë	shoot
qëllon	hap
qëllonin	shoot
qëllova	shot
qëlluam	shot
qëlluan	shot
qëlluar	shot
qellunë	cell
qelp	pig
qelpnë	pus
qelq	glass
qelqesh	glass
qelqevet	glasses
qelqi	glass
qelqit	glass
qelqtë	glassy
qeltë	yellow
qem	I am
qemë	we were
qëmenatë	chicken
qemit	camel
qemna	we are
qemnavet	the scumbags
qëmoçme	ancient
qëmoti	a long time ago
qemtar	jeweler
qemtarinë	the scumbag
Qëmtimi	gleanings
qen	DOG
qën	Durable
qënçinë	dog
qendër	center
qëndisën	wrought
qendisës	embroiderer
qëndisje	embroidery
qëndisma	needlework
qëndistar	embroiderer
qëndistari	embroidery
qëndistarit	embroiderers
qendisunë	we embroidered
qendisur	lined
qëndisur	STITCH
qëndisura	embroidery
qendisurë	embroidery
qëndisurë	embroidery
qendisuri	embroidery
qëndr	Center
qëndra	center
qendrat	Center
qendrave	Center
qendrës	CENTER
qëndresa	resistance
qëndresë	fastness
qëndresën	resistance
qëndresënë	resistance
qëndresës	resistance
qëndresësë	resistance
qëndresët	the resisters
qëndrim	RESIDENCE
qëndrimi	ATTITUDES
qëndrimin	attitude
qëndrimit	rESIDENCE
qëndro	stay
qëndroç	center
qëndrofç	center
qëndrofçi	center
qëndrofçinë	center
qëndrofi	stay
qëndroftë	dwell
qëndroi	remained
qëndroijnë	they stay
qëndroj	stay
qëndroja	stay
qëndrojë	stay
qëndrojëmë	we stay
qëndrojënë	stay
qëndrojini	Remain
qëndrojmë	STAND
qëndrojnë	STAND
qëndrojsh	stay
qëndron	STANDS
qëndroni	stay
qëndronim	stay
qëndronin	Stay
qëndroninë	stay
qëndronj	stay
qëndronjç	stay
qëndronjë	stay
qëndronjënë	stay together
qëndronte	stood
qendror	central
qendrore	central
qëndrosh	stay
qëndrova	I stayed
qëndrove	stayed
qëndruam	we stayed
qëndruan	stayed
qëndruanë	they stayed
qëndruar	STAY
qëndruara	staying
qëndruarë	stay
qëndruarët	you stayed
qëndruarit	staying
qëndruat	stayed
qëndruatë	stay
qëndrueshëm	sustainable
qëndrueshme	LASTING
qëndrueshmëri	ENDURANCE
qëndrueshmëria	durability
qëndrueshmërinë	sustainability
qenë	BEEN
qëne	FIRMLY
qënë	SINCE
qenehu	dog
qenehú	be quiet
qëneja	being
qenëka	dog
qënëka	I was
qenëke	dog
qënëke	you were
qënëkemi	we are
qenëmes	being
qenëmesë	living
qënenë	being
qënënë	being
qënesh	being
qenet	been
qënët	things which before
qengj	lamb
qengja	lambs
qëngja	lamb
qengjash	lamb
qengjat	lambs
qengjave	lambs
qëngjëra	lamb
qëngjevet	lambs
qengji	LAMB
qëngji	lamb
qengjin	lamb
qëngjin	lamb
Qengjinë	The lamb
qëngjinë	lamb
qengjit	LAMB
qengjnë	they are lambing
qeni	dog
qëni	taken away from being
qenia	entity
qenià	entity
qenie	entity
qenieje	being
qenien	being
qenies	being
qeniesh	swarms
qeniet	LIVING
qenieve	HUMAN
qenit	BEING
qènit	dogs
qënit	entity
qenka	IT'S
qënka	with authority
qenkam	I am allegedly
qenke	dog
qenkemi	we are friends
qenkeni	be
Qenodhoksë	Kennels
Qenq	Lamb
qënq	because
qense	because
qensh	dogs
qent	dogs
qënt	dog
qentë	dogs
qëntë	dog
Qentirionë	Centuriones
Qentirioni	Centurion
qenun	the dog
qenunë	dog
qenunit	puppy
qenunitë	puppies
qënurë	being
qënurit	being
qënuritë	the living
qenve	dogs
qenvet	dogs
qep	sew
qepallat	eyelids
qepallave	eyelids
qepallavet	eyelids
qepëme	sewing
qepën	onions
qepet	onions
qepët	onions
qepin	sew
qepnë	sew
qepnin	sewed
qepur	stitching
qepurë	sewing
qeramidhçiut	to the tiler
qeramidhetë	earthenware
qerasi	tip the
qerasnie	rent
qerdhese	nursery school
qerdheshtë	kindergarten
qerdhesi	kindergarten
qerdhesinë	kindergarten
qerdhestë	kindergarten
qere	ringworm
qeren	itch
qeres	itch
qeri	s citizens
qerinë	wax
qerja	itch
qëro	QERON
qëroç	skunk
qëroftë	peel
qërohi	peel
Qërohu	Get away
qëroi	peeled
qërojë	peel
qërojëmë	peel me
qërojsh	peel
qëron	annihilates
qëronem	I peel.
qëronenë	keronese
qëronetë	querones
qëroni	peel
qëronishnë	peeling
qëronj	peel
qëronjç	scurvy
qëronjë	one's skin
qëronjënë	one-eyed
qërou	peeled
qërova	I peeled
qerpallat	eyelashes
qerpikët	eyelashes
qerpikëvet	eyelashes
qerra	cart
qerre	CART
qerreja	the cart
qerreje	wagon
qerren	chariot
qerrenë	cart
qerres	chariot
qerresë	cart
qerresh	chariots
qerret	chariots
qerretë	cart
qerreve	WAGGONS
qerrevet	carts
qerrëza	bases
qerrëzat	stands
qerrja	Wagon
qerthëllonjënë	the gypsy
qerthëlluanë	quertelluana
qerthullimt	circling
qerthullo	circle
qerthullofshinë	village
qerthullojënë	wander around
qerthullojnë	they wander around
qerthullon	it wanders
qerthullonjç	cherthullonjc
qerthullonjë	circle
qerthulluanë	querthulluan
qerthulluarë	twisted
qerthulluarët	the wanderers
qerthulluarëvet	the wanderers
qerthulluenë	the circle
qërtim	barking
qërtimet	the barking
qërtimetë	the screams
qërtimi	peeling
qërtimin	the barking
qërtimit	barking
qërtimnë	barking
qërto	peel
qërtofsh	bald
qërtoi	barked
qërtoijn	they bark
qërtoijnë	they bark
qërtoj	peel
qërtoje	peel
qërtojë	peel
qërton	peels
qërtone	peel
qërtonesh	to bark
qërtonetë	slats
qërtoni	peel
qërtonj	bark
qërtonjë	bark
qërtonjënë	skunk
qërtova	I barked.
Qërtove	You peeled.
qërtua	peeled
qërtuanë	they barked
qërtuara	peeled
qërtuarë	peeled
qërtuarët	the scolded
qërtuarëtë	peeled
qërtuaritë	the skins
qërua	peeled
qëruanë	they peeled
qëruara	shelled
qëruarë	shelled
qëruarënë	peeled
qëruarësë	peelers
qëruarët	the peeled
qëruari	peel
qëruarit	peel
qëruaritë	management
Qerubim	Cherub
Qerubimeë	Cherubim
Qerubimët	Cherubim
qeruv	cherub
Qeruvim	Curvature
qeruvimë	cherub
Qeruvimet	Curses
qeruvimët	cherubim
qeruvimëtë	cherubs
qeruvimëvet	cherubim
qeruvimvet	cherubs
Qesar	Caesar
Qesari	Caesar
Qesaria	Caesar
Qesarië	Caesarea
Qesarinë	Caesarea
Qesarisë	Caesarea
Qesarit	Caesar
qese	bag
qesen	bag
qesh	laugh
qesha	I laughed
qesharakë	funny
qeshçinë	laughter
qeshe	Laughter
qeshë	laughs
qeshënë	laughter
qeshësh	laugh
qesheshinë	they laughed
qeshi	laughed
qeshin	laugh
qeshje	laughter
qeshjë	laugh
qeshjënë	laughter
qeshnë	they laugh
qeshni	laugh
qeshnin	laughing
qeshnjë	laughter
qeshnjënë	laughter
qeshshinë	laughter
qeshte	laughing
qeshun	laugh
qeshunë	laughter
qeshur	laughing
qeshura	laughter
qeshurë	laughter
qeshurit	Laughing
qeskë	sac
qeskën	bag
qeste	harp
qesten	harp
qestes	harp
qestet	harps
qesteve	harps
qestja	harp
qet	calm
qeta	CALM
qetë	SMOOTH
qetësi	SILENCE
qetësia	Calmness
qetësie	calm
qetësimi	RELAXATION
qetësimit	appeasement
qetësinë	PEACE
qetësohem	cool down
qetësohen	calm down
qetësohet	quiet down
qetësohuni	chill out
qetësoi	calmed
qetësoj	appease
qetësojë	soothe
qetësojnë	calm
qetëson	soothes
qetësova	I waited
qetësua	subsided
qetësuan	ceased
qetësuar	calm
qetësuat	subsided
qetësuese	reassuring
qeth	fleece
qethç	shears
qethësh	shear
qethësit	shearers
qethet	shorn
qethetë	wool
qethi	shorn
qethin	is shaved
qethinë	fleece
qethje	shearing
qethjen	shearing
qethnin	supervise the shearing
qethtarit	shearers
qethte	shear
qethun	shear
qethur	shearing
qethura	shorn
qethurë	fleece
qethuritë	the shears
Qeturahë	Qeturaha
Qeturahësë	Quiet people
qeve	oxen
qeveris	govern
qeverisë	govern
qeverisej	governed
qeverisësh	government
qeverisi	government
qeverisin	governing
qeverisja	GOVERNANCE
qeverisjen	gOVERNANCE
qeverisjes	GOVERNANCE
qeverisnin	governing
qeveriste	ruling
qeverisur	governed
qeveritar	governmental
qeveritarë	gOVERNMENT
qeveritarët	the governors
qeveritarëve	to the governors
qeveritari	governor
qeveritarin	governor
qeveritarit	governor
qevet	you are
qi	qi
Qibroth	Qibroth
qiçetë	sparks
Qidari	Qidar
Qidarit	Qidar
qiej	heavens
qieje	heaven
qiejet	the skies
qiejetë	the skies
qiejevet	the heavens
qiejsh	heavens
qiejt	heavens
qiejtë	heavens
qiejve	HEAVEN
qiell	sky
qiellë	heaven
qiellet	the skies
qiellëza	palate
qiellëzët	the palate
qielli	SKY
qiellin	heaven
qiellinë	heaven
qiellit	heaven
qielln	heaven
qiellnë	in the sky
qiellor	heavenly
qiellore	Upward
qiellorë	heavenly
qiellorenë	heavenly
qiellorët	heavenly
qielloretë	celestials
qiellorëtë	celestials
qiellorevet	heavenly
qiellori	heavenly
qiellorit	heavenly
qiellt	the sky
qielltë	heavenly
Qielltit	The heavens
Qielltitë	The skies
qielluarta	heavenly
qielluarte	skyward
qielluartë	heavenly
qielluartënë	heavenly
qielluer	heavenly
qiellvet	the skies
Qiellvetë	Heavens
qiellza	PALATE
qiellze	sky
qiellzën	roof
Qifa	The head
Qifai	Qifai
Qifait	Qifait
Qifanë	Qifane
qiftin	kite
qije	fuck
qijesh	fuck
qijet	fuck
qijetë	lice
qijevet	kisses
qilar	pantry
qilarçiu	the pantry
qilarë	cellars
qilarët	cellars
qilaretë	pantry
qilima	carpeting
Qiliqi	Cilicia
Qiliqia	Cilicia
Qiliqiësë	Cilicia
Qiliqisë	Cilicia
qilisej	to be covered
qilitë	carpets
qill	hair
qilla	gills
qillaret	the gills
Qilli	The chick
qillit	carpet
qillofshinë	baby
qillsh	cilsh
qillt	kilt
qilltë	gills
Qillti	The qillti
qillvet	slurs
qimballë	cymbal
qime	HAIR
qimeashpërë	rough hair
qimeja	hair
qimen	hair
qimesh	hair follicles
qimet	HAIR
qimetë	hair
qimevet	hairs
qiminonë	cumin
qiminoni	cumin
qiminoninë	cumin
qiminonit	cumin
qimja	hair
qinamomë	cinnamon
qinamomonë	cinnamon
qind	PERCENT
qindarka	mite
qindarkë	penny
qindarkën	mite
qindës	cent
qindësa	cent
qindësavet	hundredths
qindëshet	hundredths
qindësheve	hundredths
qindësi	hundredth
qindësinë	hundredth
qindësish	hundredth
qindësit	cents
qindin	hundred
qindinë	hundred
qindori	cent
qindorin	cent
qindorit	cents
qindra	HUNDREDS
qindrave	hundreds
qindresa	cent
qindresë	hundred
qindrim	hundred
qindrimin	the hundred
qindrimit	hundredth
qindro	hundred
qindrofsh	cent
qindrofshi	hundredth
qindrofshinë	hundredth child
qindroftë	hundredth
qindroi	hundred
qindroj	hundred
qindrojë	hundred
qindrojënë	hundredth
qindrojmë	we count
qindrojnë	hundred
qindrojshinë	hundredth
qindron	hundred
qindroni	hundred
qindronte	was a hundred
qindruem	hundred
qindruemit	centurion
qindruenë	centipede
qindrueshim	we were tired
qindrueshime	hundreds
qindrumë	cent
qingja	Qing
qingjat	lambs
qingjavet	lambs
qinnamon	cinnamon
qinso	what?
Qinsosë	Qinso
qint	percent points
qiparis	cypress
qiparisat	cypresses
qipariset	fir trees
qiparisi	fir
qiparisin	cypress
qiparisit	cypress
qipështëra	cicada
qipështrat	cypress trees
qipështratë	scaly
qipi	stack
qipriotë	Cypriot
qipriotit	Qiprioti
Qipriotnë	Cypriot
Qipro	Cyprus
Qipron	Cyprus
Qipros	Cyprus
Qiprua	Cyprus
Qir	RICs
qira	RENTAL
qiramarrës	tenant
qiramidhe	tenant
qirasë	LEASE
qiri	CANDLES
qiriks	candle
qiriksetë	crickets
qiriksi	candle
qiriksjë	candle
qiriksjënë	candle
qiriksnë	candle
qiriksni	light a candle
qirikste	kirikste
qiriksurë	candlelight
Qirineo	Cyrene
Qirinevet	Candles
Qirini	Candle
Qirinioi	Cyrinus
Qirinit	The Qirin
qiririn	candle
qiriu	candle
qiro	candle
qiroftë	may it be blessed
qirohenë	are rented
Qirohi	Qirohi
qirohu	get up
qiroi	candle
qiroimë	we waxed
qirojë	rent
qirojinë	candlestick
qiron	candles
qironi	candle
qirova	I lit a candle.
qirtimit	the candle
qirto	praise
qirtohei	qurithohei
qirtoi	he/she/it
qirtoje	praise
qirtojë	to scold
qirtojin	they were shouting
qirtojinë	kirtojn
qirtojshinë	you are welcome
qirton	it shines
qirtonte	was shouting
Qirtove	Kirtov
qirtuem	cursed
qirtuenë	blessed
qirtumë	kirtum
qiru	candle
qirue	rent
qiruem	rented
qirueme	we rent
qiruemit	renters
qiruenë	rented
qirum	candle
qirume	candle
qirumë	candle
qirumit	candle
qiruta	candle
qirutë	candle
qish	Qishn
qisha	what
qishdo	whatever
qishe	even though
qishë	Qishn
qishën	the church
qishënë	how much
qishëra	winter
qishëratë	twenty-four
qishësë	church
Qishët	You are welcome.
qishëtë	winter
qishëvet	the birds
Qisit	Qisit
qitei	city
qithara	guitar
qitharat	guitars
qitharatë	guitar
qitharavet	guitars
qitharë	guitar
qitharës	guitarist
qitharësë	guitarists
qitharisjënë	guitar player
qitharoishinë	qitaroshinese
qitharorësh	guitar player
qiti	fired
Qitit	Qit
qitnë	shoot
qitnia	the living
qitnin	casting
Qittimëtë	The first ones
Qittimëvet	The Qitimites
qitunë	qitun
qitur	cast
qiveri	cistern
qiveritë	the queens
qivërni	qivrën
qivernis	government
qivernisenë	government
qivernisjë	government
qivernisjënë	government
qivernisnie	government
qivernit	government
qivernitar	governor
qivernon	governs
qiverrisjë	government
qiverrnitar	governor
qivoto	qivuto
qivotoja	I was a jay.
Qivotonë	Qivoton
qjahenë	what is it?
qjahetë	hunt
qjai	who?
qjainë	creature
qjaishiem	I'm sorry.
qjajën	what?
qjajnë	they are
qjajshinë	howling
qjam	I am awake.
qjamë	curd
qjamit	wake up
qjamitë	the bones
qjan	what
qjanë	what are
qjani	cry
qjanjënë	who
qjante	was
qjarit	whore
qjatë	long
qjau	I woke up.
qjava	week
qjërohi	go away
qjueit	qjueiit
qjueitshi	qjueitshi
qjueitunë	you are welcome
qjuetunë	hunting
qjuhei	language
qjuhemi	let's get up
qjuhetë	tongue
qjumështë	sleepy
qjumështin	the morning
qjumështit	the morning glory
qofç	meat
qofi	whether
qofim	we are
qofinë	the body
qofsh	Farewell
qofsha	dismayed
qofshi	Whether
qofshim	May
qofshin	EITHER
qofshinë	be they
qoft	CHILD
qofte	IF
qoftë	EITHER
qohem	I get up.
qorrët	blind
qortim	REPRIMAND
qortime	rebuke
qortimet	Warners
qortimi	Snub
qortimin	correction
qortimit	Snub
qorto	rebuke
qortoftë	reprimand
qortohen	reproved
qortoheni	reproached
qortohet	reproved
qortoi	scolded
qortoj	twit
qortoje	REPRIMAND
qortojë	scold
qortojeni	scold him/her
qortoji	rebuke
qortojnë	decry
qorton	Lashes
qortoni	reprove
qortonin	rebuked
qortonj	scold
qortonte	rebuking
qortova	I contended with
qortove	I contended with
qortua	reproved
qortuan	rebuked
qortuar	REPROVING
qortueshëm	blameworthy
qoshe	corner
qosheje	corner
qoshen	corner
qoshes	corner
qoshesë	corner
qoshet	corners
qosheve	corners
qoshja	corner
quaj	call
quaje	Call
quajë	call
quajmë	call
quajnë	call
quajt	named
quajta	I called
quajtën	named
quajti	call
quajtinë	nickname
quajtshin	they were called
quajtur	CALLED
quajturë	named
quan	calling
quani	call
quanin	call
quanjënë	call me
quante	call
quash	call
quç	lamb
quçe	chicken
quçet	the chicken
quçetë	quête
quçevet	the quocs
quçëvet	the bones
quçi	chicken
quçn	call
quçnë	goat
queishinë	question
queit	quiet
queitë	queue
queiti	quiet
queitnë	quiet
queitun	quiet
queitunë	quiet
quej	call
quejënë	the name
quejn	call
quen	sleep
quenin	queen
queti	quiet
quhe	call
quheç	I call
quhei	called
quhej	named
quhem	MY NAME
quhemi	Called
quhen	called
quhenë	are called
quheni	named
quhesh	called
quheshe	were called
quheshin	called
quheshitë	your name was
quhet	CALLED
quhetë	it is called
quheti	call it
quhi	call
quitunë	leave
quk	fuck
qulm	flower
qumësht	milk
qumështë	milks
qumështi	milky
qumështin	milk
qumështit	dairy
qumështore	milkweed
qupe	cup
qupetë	scoundrel
qur	whore
qutë	quiet
qutet	calm down
qutetasit	the citizens
qutete	quiet
qutetet	quiet
qutetetë	quiet
qutetevet	the states
quteti	quiet
qutetit	the poor
qutetitë	the cities
qutetn	quiet
qutetnë	quiet down
qykni	drink
qymballa	cymbals
qymvallëra	sweets
qymyr	coal
qymyre	coals
qymyri	charcoal
qymyrit	COAL
qyp	jar
qypa	jars
qypat	jars
qypi	jar
qyqar	wretch
qyqeja	cuckoo
Qyrit	Candle
qyrkun	hairy mantle
qysh	From
qytet	city
qytetar	citizen
qytetarë	citizen
qytetarët	citizen
qytetari	CITIZEN
qytetaria	citizenship
qytetarinë	citizenship
qytete	towns
qytetë	city
Qytetëj	Cities
qytetëja	the city
qytetënisë	citizenship
qytetëruar	urbane
qytetesh	cities
qytetet	cities
qytetëtarët	citizens
qytetetë	cities
qyteteve	cities
qytetevet	cities
qyteti	city
qytetin	CITY
qytetinë	the city
qytetit	TOWN
qytetn	the city
qytetnë	in the city
qytezë	towns
qytezën	town
qytezës	town
r	r
ra	fell
Raaba	Rahab
Raamahu	Raamah
Raamahut	Raamah
Raamau	Raamau
Raamaut	Raamat
Raamiahun	Raamiahun
Raamses	Rameses
Raamsesënë	In Raamse
Raavenë	Raaven
Raavënë	Rahab
Rab	Slave
Rababësë	Rababas
Rabah	Rabbah
Rabahu	Rabbah
Rabahun	Rabbah
Rabahut	Rabbah
Rabath	Rabat
Rabbi	Rabbi
Rabboni	Rabbi
Rabbuni	Rabbuni
rabecka	sparrow
rabi	rabbi
Rabimit	Rabbi
rabinëve	rabbis
rabinike	rabbinic
Rabith	Rabbith
Rabsarisin	saris
Rabshakehu	Rab'shakeh
Rabshakehun	Rabshakeh
Rabshakehut	Rabshakeh
Rabshaqehu	Rabshakeh
Rabshaqehunë	Rabshakeh
Rabshaqehut	Rabshakeh
Rabshekahut	Rabshakeh
raca	race
racat	breeds
race	breed
racë	RACE
raçë	breed
racës	race
racion	ration
racione	portions
racionet	rations
racioni	mess
racionin	the ration
racionojnë	ration
racionuar	measure
Radai	RADDAI
radha	queue
radhazi	row
radhe	row
radhë	row
radhën	ORDER
radhës	nEXT
radhët	RANKS
radhëve	ranks
radhisin	rank
radhit	compose
radhiten	listed
radhitën	lined
radhitja	SEQUENCING
Radhituni	Put
radhitur	listed
Rafa	Rafa
Rafaeli	Raphael
Rafahu	Rafah
Rafaimëtë	Rephaim
Rafaimvet	Rephaim
rafç	raft
rafinimi	refinement
rafinohet	be refined
rafinoj	refine
rafinojë	refine
rafinon	REFINES
rafinuar	refined
rafinuesi	refines
rafsh	rafsha
rafsha	plain
rafshi	the plane
rafshinë	plain
raftë	shelves
Rafut	Raphu
Ragaut	Ragout
Ragavi	Raghav
Ragavit	Ragav
Rahab	Rahab
Rahabë	Rahab
Rahabën	Rahab
Rahabënë	Rahab
Rahabës	Rahab
Rahabësë	Rahab
Rahabi	Rahab
Rahabin	Rahab
Rahabit	Rahab
Rahami	Raham
Rahav	Rahab
Rahavi	Rahavi
Rahela	Rachel
Rahila	Rachel
Rahilë	Rachel
Rahilën	Rachel to SIDS
Rahilënë	Rachel
Rahilësë	Rachel
Rahili	Rachel
rajon	region
rajonin	REGION
raka	rakah
Rakalit	Rachal
Rakathi	Rakkath
Rakela	Rachel
Rakelën	Rachel
Rakelës	Rachel
rakomandoj	recommend
Rakonin	Rakkon
rakumandie	raccoon
rakumandoimë	we recommended
rakumandojnë	recommend
rakumandon	recommends
rakumanduem	recommended
ram	ram
Rama	Raman
Ramah	Ramah
Ramaha	Ramah
Ramahu	Ramah
Ramahun	Ramah
Ramahut	Ramah
Ramath	Ramathmizpeh
Ramathaim	Ramathaim
rambëtori	the rambler
rame	ram
ramë	Rame
rameja	ramie
rameje	ram
ramërishtash	Ramirez
Ramesa	Ramesa
Ramesësë	Ramesa
Ramesesi	Rameses
ramëta	I am tired.
ramëtorinë	the fornication
rami	ramie
Ramiahu	Ramiah
ramit	Ram
Ramoth	Ramoth
Ramothi	Ramoth
Ramothin	Ramoth
Ramothit	Ramoth
Ramsesi	Ramses
Ramsesit	Ramses
ramta	frame
ramtë	fall
ramtënë	ramtena
Ramtori	Ramtori
ran	ran
rana	wound
randa	randa
randat	rands
randë	Rand
randën	randa
randësë	important
randisej	to be listed
randisi	randisia
randismë	randomness
randisurë	scheduled
randohem	I meet.
randohenë	are ranked
randohetë	ranked
randoj	rank
randova	I dated.
randue	Randu
randuem	we met
randuenë	appointment
randumë	random
ranë	fell
ranën	Rane
ranënë	fell down
ranësish	ranasish
ranët	Rane
rang	standing
rangut	ranking
ranjë	rain
ranor	sandy
ranore	Sandstones
raporti	REPORT
raportimin	reporting
raportin	Report
raportoi	reported
raportuan	reported
rarë	fallen
rarit	rare
rasat	If there arise
rasënë	case
rash	rash
rashë	I fell.
rast	EVENT
raste	CASES
rastësisht	SAMPLE
rastet	CASES
rasti	CASE
rastin	CASE
rastis	happen
rastisi	Coincidentally
rastit	case
ratë	fallen
ratifikimin	ratification
Ravi	Ravi
Ravuni	Ravun
re	NEW
rë	FIRST
Reajahi	Reayahi
Reajahut	a'iah
reale	true
realitet	reality
realizimi	Exercising
realizofshin	fall by
realizoftë	fulfill the
realizohej	accomplished
realizohen	CARRIED
realizohet	be realized
realizoi	conducted
realizoj	pull off
realizojë	carry
realizojnë	carry
realizon	Realize
realizosh	Realizing
realizua	place
realizuan	conducted
realizuar	COMPLETED
realizuara	IMPLEMENTED
realizuesin	IMPLEMENTING
Reba	Reba
Reban	Reba
Rebeka	Rebekah
Rebekën	Rebekah
Rebekës	Rebekah
Rebekka	Rebecca
rebel	rebel
rebele	rebel
rebelë	REBELLIOUS
rebelët	rebels
rebelëve	rebels
rebeli	rebel
rebelia	rebellion
rebelim	rebellion
rebelime	sedition
rebelimet	faithlessness
rebelimi	REBELLION
rebelimin	rebellion
rebelimit	rebellion
rebelohen	rebel
rebeloheni	rebel
rebelua	rebelled
rebeluam	rebelled
rebeluan	transgressed
rebeluar	transgressed
reçelin	jams
redaktua	edited
Redifim	Rephidim
reduktuar	reduced
Refahu	Rephah
Refaihu	Rephaiah
refaimëve	Rephaim
Refaimit	giants
Refajahu	Jeriel
Refajahut	Rephaiah
Refan	Refaat
Refani	Refani
Refejtë	Rephaims
referohet	REFER
referoi	referred
referojë	refer
referuan	referred
referuar	RECALLING
Refidim	Reph'idim
Refidimi	Reph'idim
reflektim	reflection
reflektoj	reflect
reformat	REFORMS
refuzimi	refusal
refuzimit	Denial
refuzo	REJECT
refuzoi	refused
refuzoj	refuse
refuzoje	Decline
refuzojë	reject
refuzojmë	refuse
refuzojnë	Spurn
refuzon	REFUSED
refuzoni	DISMISS
refuzonte	refused
refuzosh	refuse
refuzova	I refused.
refuzove	refuse
refuzua	rejected
refuzuan	refused
refuzuar	rejected
rëfyem	we confessed
Regemelekun	Regemelekun
Regemi	Regem
regëtimat	I die
Regi	Regie
regjëneshë	queen
regjëni	regina
regjënia	the kingdom
Regjëniat	Regions
regjënin	the region
regjënit	regnant
regjënoi	regina
regjënove	regional
regjënuem	regenerated
regjënuenë	regenerated
regjës	astringent
regjësi	Impregnator
regjësit	Tanners
Regjio	Region
regjistrim	registration
regjistrimi	recording
regjistrimin	registry
regjistrimit	registry
regjistrin	REGISTER
regjistroheshin	recorded
regjistrohet	Logged
regjistroi	recorded
regjistrojë	record
Regjistrojeni	Write
regjistroni	RECORD
regjistrua	recorded
regjistruan	recorded
regjistruar	Joined
regjistruarit	ENTRANTS
regjistruarve	registrants
Rehab	Rehab
Rehabiahu	Rehabiah
Rehabiahun	Rehabiah
Rehabiahut	Rehabiah
Rehahut	Rechah
rehat	comfortable
rehati	COMFORT
rehatinë	comforts
Rehob	Re'hob
Rehobi	rehob
Rehobin	Re'hob
Rehobit	rehob
Rehoboth	Rehoboth
Rehobothi	Rehoboth
rehokim	echo
Rehovothit	Rehovot
Rehumi	Rehum
Rehumit	Reum
Rei	Ray
reja	NEW
rejat	Newest
rejave	YOUNG WOMEN
reje	cloudy
Rekab	Rechab
Rekabi	Rekab
Rekabit	Rekab
rekabitëve	Rechabites
Rekem	Rakem
Rekemi	Rekem
Rekemin	Rekem
Rekemit	Rekem
rëkimn	roar
rëkoi	roared
rëkojëmë	tell me
rëkojënë	the river
rëkojmë	we sing
rekomandime	RECOMMENDATIONS
rekomandimi	RECOMMENDATION
rekomandoj	I recommend
rekomandojmë	RECOMMEND
rekomandojnë	recommend
rekomandon	RECOMMENDS
rekomandoni	recommend
rekomanduar	recommended
rëkonjë	raccoon
rekrutoi	He hired
rekrutojnë	recruit
rekrutonte	recruit
rekrutuan	recruited
rekrutuar	recruit
rëkuarë	recurred
rekumandar	recommender
rekumandarisë	recommendation
rekumandarjëmë	recommend
rekumandarjënë	recommendation
Relajahu	Reelaiah
reliev	relief
Remaliahut	Romelia
Remeth	Remeth
Remfan	Remfan
Remfanit	Remfanit
rëmihi	rest
rëmihunë	they were tired
rëmoftë	good luck
rëmohetë	remothe
rëmoi	I was tired.
rëmojsh	to be upset
rëmon	it rains
rëmonjinë	mourning
Remothënë	Remotely
rëmova	I repaired
remtari	coppersmith
rëmuanë	Romanian
rëmuarë	tired
rëmuem	we are tired
rëmunë	regret
rena	sand
rëna	lashes
renat	Rena
rënave	reindeer
rënç	thorn
rënça	let me fall
rënçin	Let them
rend	LINE
rënda	SERIOUS
rëndat	heaviest
rendë	sequence
rënde	more severe
rendën	rushed
rëndësi	IMPORTANT
rëndësinë	SIGNIFICANCE
rëndësishëm	CruCiAl
rëndësishme	IMPORTANT
rendi	ORDER
rendim	Yield
rendin	ORDER
rendit	order
renditej	ranked
renditemi	rank
renditën	listed
renditi	Sort
renditin	rank
renditjes	Display
renditur	RANKING
rendni	now join
rendnin	ran
rëndohen	overcharged
rëndohet	stiffen
rëndoi	was heavy
rëndoijmë	we aggravate
rëndoj	weigh
rëndojë	weigh
rëndojmë	to burden
rëndojnë	weigh
rëndom	habitually
rëndomshim	ordinary
rëndomshime	commonplaces
rëndomtë	REGULAR
rëndon	Rendon
rëndonej	heavy
rëndonenë	heavy
rëndonetë	heavy
rëndoni	burdening
rëndonin	burdening
rëndonte	heavy
rëndou	it got worse
rëndova	I got tired.
rëndove	you were busy
rëndua	it got worse
rënduam	pressed
rënduanë	they are heavy
rënduar	burdened
rënduarë	heavy
rënduashë	heavy
rendur	pursuit
renë	the deer
rënë	AGREED
rënëjesë	decline
rëni	ringing
rënia	decline
rënien	fall
rënies	FALL
rënit	drop
rënkim	whimper
rënkime	howl
rënkimet	Groans
rënkimeve	roaring
rënkimi	howling
rënkimin	howling
rënkimit	groans
rënkoj	sob
rënkoja	mourn
rënkojë	GROANING
rënkojmë	groan
rënkojnë	mourn
rënkon	groans
rënkoni	Howl
rënkonin	sigh
rënkosh	mourn
rënkuar	groaned
rënkuari	sighing
renta	rent
rëntë	fall
Reovotha	Reovotha
rëposh	reprobate
reputacion	reputation
rëra	sand
rërë	sand
rërën	sand
rërënë	the sand
rërësë	sand
rërët	the sands
Resait	Resait
Resas	Resas
Rescefin	Rescefin
resë	the cloud
Resenënë	Resena
Resenin	Resenin
Resës	Resa
resh	stop
reshë	showered
reshperët	the respers
reshperi	resper
reshperín	reshperín
reshperojëmë	I hope so.
rëshqitunit	slip
resht	stop
reshta	rows
reshtë	cease
reshti	row
reshtin	cease
reshtnë	in a row
reshtu	like this
reshtur	stopped
respekt	respect
respektimi	Respect
respektimin	compliance
respektin	respect
respekto	Observe
respektoheshin	respected
respektohet	respected
respektoi	respected
respektoj	respect
respektoje	Respects
respektojë	HONOR
respektojmë	RESPECT
respektojnë	respect
respekton	respects
respektoni	FOLLOW
respektonin	respected
respektonte	RESPECTED
respektosh	keep
respektove	kept
respektuan	respected
respektuar	observing
respektueshëm	respectful
restaurohet	restored
restauroi	restored
restauroj	restore
restaurojnë	restore
restauruan	restored
restauruar	restored
restauruesi	The restorer
ret	RoT
retë	clouds
Retsefin	Reseph
Retsini	Rezin
Retsinin	Rezin
Retsinit	Rezin
Reu	Cloud
Reubeni	Reuben
Reubenit	Reuben
Reubenitëvet	The Reubenites
Reubini	Reuben
Reubinitëvet	The Reubenites
Reueli	Reuel
Reuelin	Reuel
Reuelit	Reuel
Reuili	Reuil
Reuilinë	Reuilin
Reumah	Reumah
Reumahë	Rheumatism
Reut	Reuth
revani	wafer
revanisë	wafers
reve	clouds
Reveka	Rebecca
Revekënë	Rebecca
Revekësë	Reveka
revistë	magazine
revokoj	revoke
revokuar	revoked
revoltën	revolt
revoltua	indignation
Rexho	Rexho
Rezefënë	Rezefëna
rezerva	RESERVES
rezervat	RESERVE
rezervë	RESERVE
rezervohet	reserving
rezervoi	reserved
rezervojë	reserve
rezervon	RESERVES
rezervuar	RESERVED
rezervuara	reservoir
rezervuare	reservoirs
rezervuaret	reservoirs
rezervuarit	reservoir
rezidencë	residency
rezidencën	residence
Rezinë	gum
Rezini	Rezin
Rezinit	Re'zin
rezisto	resist
rezistoja	forbear
rezistojë	resist
rezistojnë	resist
reziston	resists
rezistoni	resist
rezistonim	resist
rezistonte	resist
rezistuar	resist
Rezoni	REZON
Rezonin	REZON
rezultat	RESULT
rezultatin	RESULT
rezultojnë	RESULTING
ri	NEW
Ribait	Ribai
ribashkuar	reunited
Riblah	Reblatha
Riblahut	Riblah
riblejë	repurchase
riblejnë	repurchase
riblerë	repurchased
riblerjes	REPURCHASE
riblihet	repurchased
riçoj	refresh
riepënë	reborn
riepur	tire
Rifathi	Diphath
rifilloi	resumed
rifillojmë	restart
rifilluan	again
rifilluar	restart
rifitojë	regain
rifitojnë	recover
riftë	let it be
riga	Riga
rigash	Riga
rigat	Riga
rigavet	riaves
rigë	templet
rigjallërohen	revive
rigjallërua	revived
rigjallëruat	revived
rigjetur	recaptured
Rigjo	Riggo
rij	FYR
rijë	sit back
rijetojnë	live
rijetoni	live:
rijtë	young generations
rikaloni	forth through
rikthehem	recall
rikthehemi	return
rikthehen	return
riktheheni	go up
rikthehesh	return
riktheheshin	turn them
rikthehet	return
rikthej	play back
rikthejë	return
riktheu	RESTORED
rikthye	returned
rikthyen	returned
rikthyer	RETURNING
rilind	regenerate
rilindi	reborn
rilindin	reborn
rilindjes	rebirth
rilindur	reborn
rimarr	recover
rimarrë	recover
rimarrësh	recover
rimëkëmbë	recovers
rimëkëmbesh	restored
rimëkëmbin	restore the
Rimerr	Receive
Rimon	Rimo
Rimoni	Rimmon
Rimonin	Rimmon
Rimonit	Rimmon
rimori	regained
rimptë	return
Rinahu	Rinahu
rindërtimin	reconstruction
rindërtohej	rebuilt
rindërtohen	reconstructed
rindërtohesh	rebuilt
rindërtohet	REBUILT
rindërtoi	rebuilt
rindërtoj	recondition
rindërtojë	recondition
rindërtojmë	we rebuild
rindërtojnë	rebuild
rindërton	rebuilds
rindërtoni	rebuild
rindërtonim	builded
rindërtonin	rebuild
rindërtuam	We built the
rindërtuan	rebuilt
rindërtuar	rebuilt
rinë	are round
ringarkuan	laded
ringjall	GRAVE
ringjallë	raise
ringjallej	rise
ringjallem	resurrected
ringjallen	REVIVAL
ringjallën	resurrected
ringjallesh	rising
ringjallet	picking
ringjallët	raised
ringjalli	Raise
ringjallin	revive
ringjallja	resurrection
ringjallje	revival
ringjalljen	Renewal
ringjalljes	resurrection
ringjallte	revive
ringjallu	arise
ringjallur	COME BACK
ringre	reasserting
ringresh	re-grow
rini	YOUTH
rinia	youth
rininë	YOUTH
rinisë	youth
rinj	young
rinjet	young
rinjtë	YOUTH
rinjve	youth
rinon	Rino
rinore	youth
rinorë	youth
rinte	Rinta
ripalosësh	resell
riparime	repairs
riparimet	repair
riparimi	repair
riparimin	repairs
riparimit	repair
riparoi	repaired
riparuan	repaired
riparuar	repair
riparuesi	repairman
ripërtëri	renewed
ripërtërihemi	we renew ourselves
ripërtërihet	renewed
ripërtërin	Refreshes
ripërtëritjes	renewal
ripërtypës	ruminant
ripërtypësit	ruminants
ripërtypet	cud
ripni	repeat
ripopulluara	inhabited
ripranohej	readmitted
ripranoheshin	were readmitted
riprodhoi	reproduced
riprodhojë	reproduce
riprodhuar	REPRODUCIBLE
riprodhuara	reproduced
ripushtoi	recovered
rirë	rire
Risah	Rissah
Risahu	Rissah
Risait	New
rish	again
Rishathaimin	Reshaping
Rishathaimit	Recalculation
rishtas	The newly
rishtazë	new animal
rishtazi	newly
risia	INNOVATION
risinë	newness
risjellë	bringing
rit	ritual
ritë	devotions
ritet	RITUALS
riteve	rites
ritëvet	rituals
Rithmah	Rhythm
Rithmahu	Rithmah
ritin	rite
ritit	rite
rito	rite
ritor	teenager
ritot	rites
Ritsa	Ritsa
Ritspah	Respha
ritualisht	ritually
riu	YOUTH
riun	young
riut	Younger
rivalitet	emulation
rivalitete	rivalries
rivaliteti	RIVALRIES
rivendos	RESET
rivendosa	restored
rivendosë	restore
rivendosën	restored
rivendosësh	restore
rivendoseshin	thither
rivendoset	reinstated
rivendosi	restored
rivendosin	reestablish
rivendoste	recover
rivendosur	reset
riveshësh	clothe
rivet	reset
rivishu	! put
riza	rice
rizë	cloth
rizën	napkin
rizënë	reconquered
rizgjim	reawakening
rizgjohu	Awake
rizgjohuni	wake up again
rizgjoj	awake
Rizgjoje	stir
rizgjuar	Awakened
riziko	risk
rjepurë	rind
rob	slave
Robat	Synthetics
robëdëshambrët	prisoners of war
robëni	captive
robëninë	captivity
robënisë	captivity
robënit	the slave
robënitë	captivity
robër	Hostages
robëra	captive
robërat	captives
robëresha	sword
robëri	captivity
robëria	Robert
robërie	slavery
robërimi	captivity
robërimin	captivity
robërimit	slavery
robërinë	captivity
robëris	captivity
robërisë	captivity
robërish	exiles
robërit	captivity
robëroheni	serve
robërojënë	captive
robërojnë	rob
robëron	Captivating
robëruan	tribute
robëruar	captive
robëruarit	captives
robëruarve	captives
robëruesit	captors
robërve	devotees
robi	ROBIN
robinja	captive
robinjë	captive
robinjës	slave girl
robit	slave
robnavet	slave ships
Roboam	Rehoboam
Roboami	Rehoboam
Roboamin	Rehoboam
Roboamit	Rehoboam
Rod	Rod
Rode	Roden
Rodë	Roda
Rodhë	Burdock
rodhi	flowed
Rodho	Rhodo
Rodos	RHODES
Rogel	Rogel
Rogelimi	Rogelim
Rogelit	rogel
rogje	slave
Roguel	Rogel
Rohagahu	Rohgah
Rohoboth	Rehoboth
roi	guard
roijnë	guard
Roit	roi
roj	guard
roja	keepers
rojat	guards
rojave	Watchers
roje	GUARD
rojë	sentry
rojën	Watchman
rojes	guard
rojës	GUARDS
rojet	Guard
rojëtar	Doormen
rojëtari	guard
rojeve	guards
rojtar	sentry
rojtarë	keepers
rojtarët	watchmen
rojtarëve	Wardens
rojtari	keeper
rojtarin	keeper
rojtarit	keeper
rol	role
Rom	Roma
Roma	Rome
romak	ROMAN
romake	ROMAN
romakë	Roman
romakët	ROMAN
romakëve	Romans
Romamt	Romans
Romamti	Romamti
Roman	novel
Romanë	Roman
Romanësh	Novels
Romanët	Romans
Romanëtë	Novels
Romanëvet	Novels
Romanisht	Romanian
Romanishte	Romanian
Romë	ROMA
Romën	Rome
Romënë	Romena
Romës	Rome
Romësë	Rome
Romet	Roma
Romi	Roma
Romnë	Rome
ronjës	raindrops
ronjësi	guard
ronjësit	the guards
rop	rope
ropa	goods
rope	rope
ropet	rope
ropi	rope
ropit	Ropi
ropn	robin
ropnavet	ropnavet
ropnë	slave
ropt	ropte
Roptë	Rough
Roshi	Rosh
Roshit	Rosh
rotovillë	rotary kiln
Rovoami	Rovoami
Rovoamnë	Rovoamne
rr	street
Rradhituni	Sort them.
rraf	plane
rrafa	plain
rrafëme	plain
rrafës	plane
rrafi	plane
rrafimë	story
rrafinë	the plain
rrafnë	plain
rrafsh	FLAT
rrafshët	Paddle
rrafshnalta	Plateau
rrafshnaltën	plain
rrafshnaltës	plain
rrafshohet	demolished
rrafshoje	totally level
rrafshoni	flush
rrafshuan	razed
rraftë	flat
rrafuna	flatland
rrafunë	plain
rrah	beat
rraha	lather
rrahçë	beater
rrahe	beat
rrahë	beat
rrahën	beat
rrahënë	beaten
rrahës	beater
rrahësh	CONSEQUENCES
rrahësi	beater
rrahin	beat
rrahje	beating
rrahnë	beats
rrahu	beat
rrahur	beat
rrahura	beat
rrahurat	Blows
rrahuratë	beating
rrahurë	beaten
rrahuri	beating
rrahurit	beating
rrahuritë	beatings
rraja	beat
rrajash	of stripes
rrajë	root
rrajënë	root
rrajës	root
rrajët	the beats
Rraka	Raca
rrakullye	scallion
rrallë	rarely
rranja	I was lying.
rranjash	to fight
rranjë	root
rrapëllimën	rushing
rrapi	Oriental plane
rrasa	tablets
rrasat	tablets
rrasatë	slate
rrasë	slab
rrasën	stone
rrasësë	slate
rrasët	slabs
rrashë	Rrash
rraskapit	tucker
rraskapitë	weary
rraskapitesh	wear out
rraskapitur	exhausted
rrasun	I'm tired.
rrathë	circles
rrathët	bracelets
rrathëtë	circles
rrathëvet	bracelets
rravgojë	wander
rrebesh	downpour
rrebeshet	showers
rrebeshi	downpour
rrebeshta	rains
rreckë	rag
rref	confess
rrëfe	Recount
rrëfeës	narrator
rrëfefsh	confess
rrëfefshim	confession
rrëfeftë	confess
rrëfehen	recounted
rrëfeheshin	confessing
rrëfehetë	confession
rrëfehuni	confession
rrëfeijnë	they confess
rrëfej	confess
Rrëfejani	confess
rrëfeje	Confess
rrëfejë	story
rrëfejëmë	tell me
rrëfejën	the story
rrëfejënë	the story
rrëfeji	confession
rrëfejmë	confess
rrëfejnë	confess
rrëfejshinë	confession
rrëfen	recounts
rrëfenej	confess
rrëfenetë	stories
rrëfeni	tell
rrëfenin	confess
rrëfenj	tale
rrëfenje	parable
rrëfenjë	tale
rrëfente	confess
rrëfesh	confess
rrëfeu	confessed
rrëfeva	confessed
rrëfeve	confess
rrëfien	the story
rrëfienë	the story
rrëfierë	confession
rrëfim	STORY
rrëfimin	story
rrëfiminë	the story
rrëfimit	story
rrëfyem	relate
rrëfyemesë	narrator
rrëfyen	confessed
rrëfyenë	the story
rrëfyer	confessing
rrëfymë	story
rregull	rule
rregulla	regulations
rregullat	rule
rregullave	regulations
rregulle	rule
rregullë	Rule
rregullës	RULE
rregulli	RULE
rregullimin	Adjustment
rregullin	RULE
rregullinë	regularity
rregullisht	regularly
rregullit	order
rregullohet	regulated
rregulloi	Rectify
rregulloj	readjust
rregulloje	customize
rregullojnë	Arrange
rregullon	Adjust
rregullores	REGULATION
rregulloreve	rule
rregullosh	fix
rregullsi	regularity
rreh	pulsate
rreimë	fake
rreishinë	reishi
rreite	rain
rrej	Novel
rrejënë	lie
rrejshëm	falsely
rrejtunë	net
rrëke	stream
rrëkëllejnë	swallow
rrëkëllyer	rolled
rrëkenat	the streams
rrëkenë	brook
rrëkerat	the creeks
rrëkesh	of rivers of
rrëket	it flows
rrëketë	streams
rrëkeve	stream
rrëkevet	streams
rrem	FALSE
rrema	oar
rrëmakta	chaos
rrëmaktësë	chaos
rrëmaktet	the tremors
rrëmaktët	the scumbags
rrëmakti	the commotion
rrëmbe	captivate
rrëmbeës	kidnapper
rrëmbefshinë	kidnapping
rrëmbeftë	kidnap
rrëmbehemi	caught
rrëmbehet	kidnapped
rrëmbehetë	kidnapped
rrëmbehi	kidnap
rrëmbeijnë	they kidnap
rrëmbej	whip
rrëmbeja	plucked
rrëmbejë	snatch
Rrëmbejën	They kidnapped me.
rrëmbejënë	kidnap
rrëmbejnë	rob
rrëmben	kidnaps
rrëmbenenë	kidnapped
rrëmbenetë	snatch
rrëmbeni	grab
rrëmbenin	snatch
rrëmbenjë	snatch
rrëmbenjënë	the kidnapper
rrëmbenjës	of prey
rrëmbente	kidnap
rrëmbesa	rapids
Rrëmbesat	rapids
rrëmbesë	rapids
rrëmbesës	kidnapper
rrëmbesësë	kidnapping
rrëmbesësit	kidnappers
rrëmbeu	snatched
rrëmbeva	abducted
rrëmbeve	also taken
rrëmbie	kidnapping
rrëmbieç	kidnapper
rrëmbienë	kidnapping
rrëmbiera	kidnapping
rrëmbierë	kidnapped
rrëmbierit	kidnappers
rrëmbierrë	kidnapper
rrëmbim	abduction
rrëmbimi	ABDUCTION
rrëmbimin	ABDUCTION
rrëmbimit	ABDUCTION
rrëmbuerë	kidnapped
rrëmbullë	snatch
rrëmbullën	they kidnapped
rrëmbullënë	the abduction
rrëmbunjësi	kidnapper
rrëmbye	kidnapped
rrëmbyem	we kidnapped
rrëmbyemen	kidnapping
rrëmbyen	abducted
rrëmbyenë	kidnapped
rrëmbyer	kidnapped
rrëmbyerë	kidnapped
rrëmbyershim	we were kidnapped
rrëmbyes	grabber
rrëmbyeshim	we were kidnapped
rrëmbyeshime	kidnappings
rrëmbym	kidnapping
rrëmbymë	kidnapped
rreme	fake
rremë	fake
rremea	fake
rremen	falsely
rremënë	false
rremës	falsehood
rremësë	fake
rremet	oar
rremët	liars
rrëmet	uproar
rremi	row
rrëmofshin	they rummage
rrëmoi	ruined
rrëmoj	rout
rrëmojnë	they mess up
rrëmon	Examines
rrëmonetë	mess
rrëmoreve	cliff
rrëmosh	dig
rrëmove	have felt
rrëmuarë	messy
rrëmuja	The stampede
rrëmuje	mess
rrëmujë	mess
rrëmujën	mess
rrëmujës	Tribulation
rrëmullë	mess
rrena	cheaters
rrene	lie
rrenë	lie
rrenënë	lie
rrenës	lying
rrenësa	lie
rrënësa	ruins
rrenësavet	lies
rrenëse	false
rrenësë	lie
rrenësi	liar
rrenësish	liar
rrenësit	liars
rrenësitë	lies
rreni	Decreasing
rrënim	destruction
rrënimesh	rubble
rrënimi	DEMOLITION
rrënja	root
rrënjat	root
rrënjatë	roots
rrënjavet	roots
rrënjë	root
rrënjën	root
rrënjënë	the root
rrënjës	root
rrënjësë	root
rrënjët	root
rrënjëve	root
rrënjosur	rooted
rrënjosurë	rooted
rrëno	ruins
rrënofshinë	ruin
rrënoftë	ruin
rrënohen	demolished
rrënohet	knock down
rrenohetë	demolished
rrenoi	ruined
rrënoi	demolished
rrënoja	RUINS
rrënojash	rubble
rrënojat	the ruins
rrënojave	wrecks
rrënojë	ruin
rrenojem	I ruin.
rrënojeni	destroy it
rrënojnë	ruin
rrënon	ruins
rrënoni	overthrow
rrenonte	ruin
rrënonte	ruin
rrenove	ruins
rrënove	ruins
rrënuan	demolished
rrënuar	plagued
rrënuara	plagued
rrenuem	ruined
rrenuemit	the wrecked
rrënuenë	ruins
rrënuesi	Demolishers
rrënuesit	Demolishers
rrenunë	fallen
rrëpina	cliff
rrëpirëta	steep
rrepta	severely
rreptë	severely
rreptësinë	severity
rreptësisht	SEVERELY
rrëqethëse	thrilling
rrëqethje	shudder
Rrëshajët	Pentecost
Rrëshajëve	Pentecost
rrëshiqa	slide
rrëshiqatë	slippery
rrëshiqë	slippery
rrëshirë	resin
rrëshqanorë	reptiles
rrëshqanorësh	reptilian
rrëshqanorët	reptiles
rrëshqanorëve	reptiles
rrëshqanori	creeper
rrëshqasë	slide
rrëshqasin	slide
rrëshqesi	slider
rrëshqet	slips
rrëshqitë	Swipe
rrëshqitën	slipped
rrëshqitësë	sliders
Rrëshqiti	Slipped
rrëshqitja	Swipe
rrëshqitnë	slip
rrëshqitshëm	slippery
rrëshqitshme	slippery
rrëshqitunë	we slipped
rrëshqiza	slide
rresht	row
rreshtat	the lines
rreshtë	cease
rreshti	Line
rreshtin	row
rreshtit	row
rreshtoi	listed
rreshtua	lined
rreshtuan	lined
rreshtuar	lined
rreta	net
rretat	the nets
rretatë	row
rretë	Clouds
rretënë	lie
rreth	around
rrethanat	circumstances
rrethanë	SITUATIONS
rrethet	DISTRICTS
rrethi	ROUND
rrethimi	ROUND-UP
rrethimin	Siege
rrethimit	THE ROUND
rrethin	district
rrethina	environs
rrethinat	ENVIRONS
rrethinave	surroundings
rrethinë	SURAONDING
rrethinën	surroundings
rrethit	CiRCle
rrethoheni	yourselves
rrethohesh	gird
rrethohet	Surrounding
rrethohetë	surrounded
rrethoi	cordoned
rrethoj	wreathe
rrethoje	besiege
rrethojë	palisade
rrethojës	fencer
rrethojmë	we surround
rrethojnë	surround
rrethon	surrounding
rrethonetë	roundabout
rrethoni	enclose
rrethonin	CIRCLE
rrethonjç	surroundings
rrethonte	surrounding
rrethore	circular
rrethosh	surround
rrethova	laid siege
rrethove	circled
rrethpre	circumcise
rrethprefshinë	suburb
rrethprenë	circumcised
rrethprerë	circumcised
rrethprerët	circumcision
rrethprerëve	circumcision
rrethprerin	circumcised
rrethprerja	circumcision
rrethprerje	circumcision
rrethprerjen	circumcision
rrethprerjes	circumcision
rrethpresë	circumcise
rrethpresëjesë	circumcision
rrethpresësh	circumcise
rrethpresin	circumcise
rrethpretë	circumcised
rrethpreu	circumcised
rrethpreva	circumcised
rrethprisni	circumcise
rrethpritej	circumcised
rrethpriten	circumcised
rrethpritenë	circumcision
rrethpriteni	circumcised
rrethpritet	circumcised
rrethpritetë	circumcision
rrethpritni	circumcise
Rrethprituni	Circumcise
rretht	around
rrethua	surrounded
rrethuan	surrounded
rrethuanë	surrounded
rrethuar	SIEGE
rrethuem	surrounded
rrethuen	surrounded
rrethuenë	surrounded
rrethuese	SURROUNDING
rrethuesit	watchers
rrëxohetë	to fall
rrëxue	fall
rrëxuem	we fell
rrëxuemeja	the fall
rrezatues	radiant
rrëzavet	falls
rreze	beam
rrëzë	foot
rrëzëllen	sparkles
rrëzëllente	shone
rrëzëlluese	shining
rrëzës	beam
rrezet	rays
rrezik	RISK
rrezikoim	we risk
rrezikojmë	risk
rrezikon	Threatens
rrezikonin	risk
rrezikonte	threatened
rrezikshëm	dangerous
rreziku	DANGER
rrezikuar	THREAT
rrezikut	RISK
rrëzim	crash
rrëzimi	Collapse
rrëzimin	crash
rrëzimit	crash
rreziqe	THREATS
rrëzo	cut down
rrëzofshin	let them be overthrown
rrëzofshinë	village
rrëzohen	fall
rrëzohenë	they fall
rrëzoheni	fall
rrëzohesh	fall
rrëzohet	lop
rrëzohuni	fall,
rrëzoi	ousted
rrëzoimë	we knocked down
rrëzoj	down
rrëzoje	tear down
rrëzojë	dethrone
rrëzoji	bring them down
rrëzojmë	toppled
rrëzojnë	overthrow
rrëzon	REFUSES
rrëzonen	they fall down
rrëzonenë	overthrown
rrëzonetë	rosary
rrëzoni	cut down
rrëzonj	knock down
rrëzonjë	foot
rrëzonte	overthrow
rrëzontej	was falling
rrëzosh	knock me down
rrëzova	fell
rrëzove	fell
rrëzua	down
rrëzuan	knocked
rrëzuanë	they fell
rrëzuar	crash
rrëzuara	downed
rrëzuarë	fallen
rrëzuarët	the fallen
rrëzuarëtë	fallen
rrëzuari	the fallen
rrëzuarit	the fallen
rrëzuem	we fell
rrëzuemeja	I fell.
rrëzuemes	collapsible
rrëzuemitë	the falls
rrëzuenë	collapsed
rri	stay
rriç	grow
rrica	horseradish
rridhnin	emanated
rridhte	leak
rriedhë	stream
rriedheja	the ground
rriedhëja	the flow
rriedhën	they flowed
rriedhënë	late
rriedhunë	stay
rriedhunit	you came back
rriedhurët	the settlers
rrieshtë	beat
rrieta	slats
rrietat	the roots
rrietë	grow
rrietën	they grew
rrietënë	in the morning
rrietët	the elders
rrieth	grow
rriethte	it was raining
rriethtë	sly
rrifemi	let's talk
rrifeni	tell me
rrifetë	quarrel
rrifiem	story
rrifinë	the riff
rrifni	tell
rrifshinë	plain
rrifte	shout
rrih	strike
rrihe	Strike
rrihej	whipped
rrihemi	beaten
rriheni	beaten
rriheshinë	were beaten
rrihet	beat
rrihetë	beat
rrihja	beat
rrihnë	beat
rrihni	beat
rrihnin	they beat
rrihninë	beat
rrihte	beat
rríi	stay
rrij	stay
rrija	stay
rrije	stay
rrijë	stay
rrijën	they stayed
rrijëtë	stay
rriji	grow up
rrijin	grow
rrijinë	youth
rrijn	stay
rrijnë	round
rrijshinë	old age
rrijte	increase on
rrijturë	grown up
rrimë	STAY
rrin	stays
rrinë	STICK
rrini	stay
rrinim	We were staying
rrinin	standing
rrininë	stay
rrinit	you stayed
rrinjam	root
rrinte	stay
rrintej	was staying
rrip	strap
rripa	belts
rripat	belts
rripave	strap
rripi	Strip
rripin	Strip
rripn	belt
rripnin	flay
rris	increase
rrisë	increase
rrish	stay
rrishiem	increase
rrisim	increase
rrisin	INCREASING
rrisja	raise my
rriskë	slice
rriste	increase
rrit	INCREASES
rrita	grew up
rrite	increases
rritë	increases
rritei	grow up
rritej	grow
rritemi	GROW
rriten	gROW
rritën	increased
rritenë	grow up
rriteni	Increase
rritës	grower
rritesh	grow
rriteshin	grow
rritet	grows
rritetë	is raised
rrithte	to trickle
rriti	increased
rritin	increase
rritini	Rear
rritja	GROWTH
rritjë	growth
rritjen	GROWTH
rritjënë	grow up
rritjes	growth
rritnë	grow up
rritni	Increase
rritshin	nourish
rrittë	grow up
rritun	Grow
rritunë	adult
rrituni	grow
rritunit	grow
rritur	GROWING
rriturë	increase
rriturit	adults
rrizikarturitë	risks
rriziko	risk
rrizikojmë	we risk
rrizikuijnë	they risk
rrjedh	ARISING
rrjedha	Workflow
rrjedhash	flow
rrjedhat	streams
rrjedhave	flows
rrjedhe	stream
rrjedhë	COURSE
rrjedhëjë	flow
rrjedhën	COURSE
rrjedhënë	the flow
rrjedhës	FLOW
rrjedhin	COMING
rrjedhja	flow
rrjedhshëm	fluently
rrjedhur	leaked
rrjedhurë	result
rrjedhurit	the runs
rrjepë	flayed
rrjepur	peeled
rrjet	NETWORK
rrjeta	GRID
rrjetat	NETS
rrjete	NETWORK
rrjetë	Mesh
rrjetën	MAINS
rrjetës	net
rrjetët	networks
rrjetetë	networks
rrjetëtë	nets
rrjetëz	reticule
rrjetëza	networks
rrjetëzat	wreaths
rrjetëzën	latticework
rrjetëzës	network
rrjeti	The network
rrjetinë	the network
rrjetnë	network
rrob	Garments Boxer Home Textile
rroba	clothes
rrobalarës	launderer
rrobash	Clothing
rrobat	clothes
Rrobate	Clothes
rrobatë	clothes
rrobave	LAUNDRY
rrobavet	clothes
rrobe	rags
rrobë	outfit
rrobeja	robe
rroben	garment
rrobën	robe
rrobenë	clothes
rrobënë	clothes
rrobës	garment
rrobësë	clothes
rrobesh	clothes
rrobet	clothes
rrobët	clothes
rrobetë	clothes
rrobevet	clothes
rroç	wheel
rrodhën	streamed
rrodhi	flowed
rrofçim	suffocation
rrofsha	life
rrofshi	cheerio
rrofshim	let's live
rroftë	long live
rrogë	salary
rrogëtar	salaried
rrogëtarë	salaried
rrogëtarët	salaried
rrogëtari	hireling
rroi	shaved
rroijnë	shave
rroimë	we live
rroj	live
rrojë	shave
rrojem	shave
rrojëmë	shave me
rrojënë	shave
rrojëtë	razors
rrojmë	live
rrojnë	live
rrojsh	shave
rrok	snatch
rroka	snatch
Rroke	Put your hand
rrokën	clasped
rrokënë	syllable
rrokësh	embrace
rroki	syllable
rrokin	grasp
rrokish	syllable
rroknë	syllable
rrokni	grasp
rroknin	falling
rroknjë	syllable
rroksh	syllable
rroku	rock
rrokullejë	roll
rrokulleu	rolled
rrokullis	roll
rrokullisë	roll
rrokullisej	wallowed
rrokullisen	wallow
rrokullisi	rolling
rrokullisni	roll the
rrokullisur	rolling
rrokulloi	rolled
rrokullyem	we rolled
rrokullymë	roll
rrokur	grasp
rron	liveth
rroni	live
rronin	Rron
rronit	you lived
rronj	live
rronjç	hair
rronjë	razor
rronjënë	the living room
rronjësinë	the life
rroq	live
rrosh	shalt live
rrota	wheel
rrotash	Wheel
rrotat	wheels
rrotave	spool
rrote	spool
rrotë	wheel
rrotën	WHEEL
rrothnë	rotate
rrotovile	turntable
rrotovileja	the wheelbarrow
rrotovilen	they spin
rrotovilenë	rotovilene
rrotovilet	wheels
rrotull	AROUND
rrotulla	Yarns
rrotulle	hinge
rrotullë	Piston
rrotullën	scroll
rrotullët	the rollers
rrotullime	spins
rrotullimi	rotation
rrotullin	scroll
rrotulloç	roller
rrotullohet	whirl
rrotullohu	wallow
rrotullohuni	roll
rrotullojë	swing
rrotullojmë	rotate
rrotullonjë	roll
rrotullua	rolled
rrotulluaçë	rotary
rrotulluanë	they rotated
rrova	I lived
rrua	shaved
rruaj	shave
rruajë	shave
rruajnë	shave
rruajsh	shave
rruajti	shaved
rruajturit	shaven
rruaka	ruaraka
rruakanë	ruakan
rruam	we shaved
rruan	shaved
rruanë	shave
rruani	shave
rruanjë	razor
rruar	shaved
rruarë	shaved
rruarëtë	shaved
rruaritë	the skulls
rrudha	wrinkles
rrudhë	crease
rrudhem	shrivel
rrudhunë	wrinkle
rrueitunë	your name
rruem	shave
rruemëja	the stream
rruemesë	thunderstorm
rruen	shave
rrufe	catarrh
rrufeja	lightning
rrufesë	lightning
rrufesh	lightning
rrufetë	lightening
rrufeve	thunderbolts
rrufevet	lightning
rrufisetë	lightning
rruga	the road
rrugash	soap-
rrugat	path
rrugavet	streets
rruge	STREET
rrugë	ROADS
rrugëdalje	breakthrough
rrugëdaljen	way out
rrugën	the road
rrugëra	streets
rrugës	en route
rrugësë	en route
rrugët	roads
rrugëve	ROAD
rrugor	road
rruhen	shave
rruheni	baldness
rruhesha	I am shaved
rruhet	shave
rruhetë	shave
rruis	grow
rrukullis	roll
rrukullisi	roll
rrukullisjë	roll
rrukulloi	rolled
rrukullojmë	we roll
rrukulloninë	the rolling pin
rrumbullak	round
rrumbullake	round
rrumbullakët	rounD
rrumbullakëta	round
rrumë	clapper
rrush	grapes
rrushi	GRAPE
rrushin	grapes
rrushit	grape
rrusht	grape
rrushtë	grape
rruzullin	globe
rruzullit	globe
rrym	powerless
rryma	current
rrymash	streams
rryme	POWER FAIL
rrymë	stream
rrymët	currents
rrymt	current
rryp	ashes
rrypa	belts
rrypin	belts
Rt	Rt.
ru	ru
ruaç	scum
ruaçë	keeper
ruaijnë	they guard
ruaj	save
ruaja	guarding
ruajç	guard
ruajçi	guard
ruaje	GUARD
ruajë	preserve
ruajën	they kept
ruajënë	guard
ruajeni	Keep
ruaji	Keep
ruajini	Save
ruajmë	PROTECT
ruajnë	guard
ruajni	You save
ruajsh	save
ruajt	save
ruajta	I have kept
ruajte	obeyed
ruajtë	preserve
ruajtëjet	safeguards
ruajtën	saved
ruajtësi	Custodian
ruajtësit	Guardian
ruajti	preserved
ruajtiçë	guard
ruajtiçim	preservation
ruajtinë	security
ruajtish	guard
ruajtishi	guard
ruajtishinë	security
ruajtitë	guards
ruajtja	preservation
ruajtje	ESCROW
ruajtjen	Conservation
ruajtjes	conservation
ruajtnë	save
ruajtshin	keep safe
ruajtur	saved
ruajtura	Saved
ruajturat	Kept
ruajturavet	saved
ruajturë	preserved
ruajturi	fearing
ruajturit	fearing
ruajturitë	safeguards
Ruaju	beware
ruajuni	beware
Ruamë	We keep
ruan	preserve
ruani	STORE
ruanin	watched
ruaninë	guard
ruanj	save
ruanjç	guard
ruanje	save
ruanjë	guard
ruanjën	the guard
ruanjënë	guardian
ruanjës	guardian
ruanjëset	guards
ruante	guard
ruash	save
Ruben	Reuben
Rubeni	Reuben
Rubenin	Reuben
Rubenit	Reuben
rubenitët	Reu'ben
rubenitëve	Reubenites
rubin	ruby
rubinë	rubies
rubinësh	agate
ruei	save
rueiçinë	the road
rueimë	we are sorry
rueinë	ruin
rueish	guard
rueishin	they were guarding
rueishinë	ruishine
rueit	rueit
rueita	rueita
rueite	rueite
rueitë	the rueit
rueitës	traveler
rueitësa	watchman
rueitësat	the guards
rueitësavet	the rueitasavs
rueitësi	watchman
rueitësin	the watchman
rueitësitë	the guards
rueitët	the Rueites
rueiti	rueit
rueitie	trouble
rueitien	rueitian
rueitnë	in the morning
rueitshi	rueitsch
rueitshim	we are sorry
rueitun	rueitun
rueitunë	home
rueitunit	rueitunit
ruej	retain previously held
rueje	retain previously held
ruejë	guard
ruejem	be careful
ruejën	they guarded
ruejënë	guard
ruejinë	the guard
ruejnë	they keep
ruejshiem	preservation
ruejshin	be careful
ruejshinë	guardianship
ruejtie	storage
ruen	preserved
rueni	save it
ruente	guarded
Rufin	Rufin
Rufit	Rufus
Rufonë	Rufoni
Rufosë	Rufosa
ruga	salvation?
rugat	roads
rugavet	the roads
rugë	Rugen
ruhai	guard
ruhamah	ruhamah
ruhamahen	ruhamahen
ruhamahën	Ruhamah
ruhei	guard
ruhej	preserved
ruhem	beware
ruhemi	beware
ruhen	saved
ruhenë	preserved
ruheni	mark
ruheshim	were kept
ruheshin	beware
ruhet	KEEP
ruhetë	guard
ruhi	guard
ruhishëm	cautious
ruhu	Beware
ruhuni	beware
ruita	ruby
ruiti	ruit
ruitien	ruitian
ruitnë	routine
ruitun	run
ruitunavet	ruitunavet
ruitunë	routine
ruj	save
rujënë	the guard
Rumahut	Rumah
runi	Rooney
runte	rune
rush	rush
Rutës	Ruth
Ruth	Ruth
Ruthësë	Rutgers
Ruthi	Ruth
Ruthin	Ruth
Ruthit	Ruth
Ruvimit	Ruvim
Ruvin	Ruvin
Ruvini	Ruvini
Ruvinit	Ruvinit
ryjmë	we are running
rynj	row
rynjë	scythe
rynjënë	row
ryrë	rope
ryrët	the rain
ryzës	mint
s	s
sa	how
sabahthani	morning
sabakthani	Sabakthani
Sabaoth	Sabaoth
Sabas	Sabas
Sabbatesë	Sabbath
Sabeanëvet	The Sabeans
sabenjtë	the wise men
sabenjve	soap operas
Sabtahu	Sabtah
Sabtekahu	Sabtecahu
Saddukeish	Sadducees
Saddukeit	Sadducees
Saddukeitë	Sadducees
Saddukevet	Sadducees
Sadhoknë	Sadducees
Sadhoku	Sadhu
Sadhuqej	Sadducee
Sadhuqejet	Sadducees
Sadhuqejtë	Sadducees
sado	however much
Sadoku	Zadok
Sadokut	Zadok
sadopak	at least
saducenj	Sadducees
saducenjtë	Sadducees
saducenjve	Sadducees
Safari	Safari
safi	pure
Safin	Safin
safir	sapphire
Safira	Sapphire
safirë	sapphire
safirët	sapphire
safirëve	sapphire
safiri	sapphire
safirin	sapphire
sahadutha	Sahadutha
sahat	meter
sahatë	Watches
sahati	Clock
sahatnë	on time
sai	yes
saj	ITS
saja	HER
sajat	toboggans
saje	DUE
sajë	sled
sajnë	Sajna
sajojë	cook
sajojnë	conceive
sajon	concocts
sajoni	devise
sajosh	made thee
sajove	made the
sajtënë	website
sajua	coined
sajuan	fabricated
sajuar	fabricated
sajuara	fabricated
sajuesit	makers
sakaq	immediately
sakaqëher	immediately
sakaqëherash	immediately
sakaqëherë	immediately
Sakari	Sakarya
Sakarit	Sakari
sakat	disabled
sakatë	maimed
sakatër	whole
sakatët	Sakata
sakica	axes
sakrifica	sacrifice
sakrificat	SACRIFICES
sakrificave	sacrifices
sakrifikove	you sacrificed
sakta	CORRECT
saktësi	ACCURATELY
Salait	Salait
Salaminë	Salamis
Salathieli	Salathiel
Salathielit	Salathiel
Salatieli	Salathiel
Salatielit	Shealtiel
saldaturën	soldering
salduara	shut
Salefi	Salafi
Salem	Salem
Salemë	Salem
Salemit	Salem
Salim	Salem
Salimiishin	Salimiishin
Salimit	Salim
Salkah	Salchah
Salkahun	Salecah
salla	hall
Sallai	Sallai
Sallait	Sallai
Sallathiili	Salathiili
Sallathiilit	Salathiil
Sallathiilnë	Salathiilna
Sallau	Sallau
Sallaut	Sallaut
Sallçah	Salçah
sallë	hall
sallën	auditorium
sallës	HALL
Sallimë	Sallime
Sallmananë	Salmanan
Sallmon	Salmon
Sallmonë	Sallmone
Sallmoni	Salmon
Sallmonit	Salmon
Sallomi	Salome
Salltaneti	pomp
Sallu	Sallu
Salma	Salma
Salmait	Shalmai
Salmananë	Salmanasan
Salmas	Salmas
Salmës	Salma
Salmon	Salmon
Salmonësë	Salmonella
Salmoni	Salmon
Salmonit	Salmone
Saloma	Salome
Salomeja	Salome
Salomon	Solomon
Salomoni	Solomon
Salomonin	Solomon
Salomonit	Solomon
Salu	Salu
Salut	Hello.
salvuesin	the shooter
Sam	Sam
samar	Samar
samarë	Samara
Samareu	Samaritan
Samari	Samaria
Samaria	Samaria
Samarias	Samaria
Samarië	Samaria
Samariësë	Samaria
samarin	saddle
Samarinë	Samaria
Samarisë	Samaria
Samarit	Samaritans
samaritan	Samaritan
samaritane	Samaritan
samaritanë	Samaritans
Samaritaneja	The Samaritan woman
samaritanësh	Samaritans
samaritanët	Samaritans
Samaritanëtë	Samaritans
samaritanëve	Samaritans
Samaritanëvet	Samaritans
Samaritani	Samaritan
Samarite	Samaritan
Samaritë	Samaria
Samaritet	Samaritans
Samaritëvet	Samaritans
Samaritvet	Samaritans
sambdan	sambadan
Samë	Same
Sameh	Sameh
Samek	Samek
Samgar	Samgar
Samlahu	Sam'lah
Samllahu	Samllah
Samo	samoa
Samos	Samos
Samothrakë	Samothrace
Samothraq	Samothrace
Samotrakë	Samothrace
Samotrakës	Samothrace
Sampsonë	Sampson
Sampsonin	Sampson
Samsonin	Samson
Samuel	Samuel
Samueli	SAMUEL
Samuelin	Samuel
Samuelit	Samuel
Samuil	Samuel
Samuilë	Samuel
Samuili	Samoil
Samuilli	Samuel
Sanahu	sannah
Sanbalati	Sanballat
Sanbalatin	Sanballat
Sanbalatit	Sanballat
sandale	sandals
sandalembathur	shoes
sandalen	sandal
sandalet	sandals
sandaleve	sandals
sandalja	sandal
sandallin	Sandalli
sandallit	Sandalli
sanë	hay
Sansanahu	Sansanah
Sanson	Sanson
Sansoni	Samson
Sansonin	Samson
Sansonit	Samson
santali	sandalwood
santalit	sandal
sapfeir	sapphire
Sapfira	Sapphire
sapfirë	sapphire
Sapfirën	Sapphire
Sapfirënë	Sapphire
sapfirësh	sapphire
sapfiri	sapphire
sapo	just
sapolindur	newborns
sapolindura	newborn
sapun	soap
saqë	T IT
Sara	Saran
sarafëtë	sandals
sarafëvet	sarafans
sarafi	sarafan
Saraha	Sarah
Saraj	Saraj
Sarajn	Sarai
Sarajt	Sarai
sard	Sardinian
Sardë	Sardis
Sardei	Sardis
Sardës	Sardis
Sardhë	Sardegna
Sardhësë	Sardis
Sardhio	Sardinia
sardhit	Sardinian
Sardhoniks	Sardonyx
sardi	sardine
sardine	sardine
sarditëve	Sardites
sardoniku	onyx
sardonyk	sardonyx
Sarë	Sare
Sarën	Sarah
Sarënë	Sarah
Sarepta	Zarephath
Sareptë	Zarephath
Sarës	Sarah
Sarësë	Sarah
Sargoni	Sargon
Sarid	Sarid
Saridi	Sarid
sarkazmi	Sarcasm
sarkë	Sark
Saronë	Sarona
Saronit	Sharon
Sarra	Sarria
Sarrë	Sarah
Sarrënë	Sarrë
Sarrës	Sarres
Sarrësë	Sarrës
Sarsekimi	Sarsechim
Saruhut	Saruhut
sasi	quantity
sasia	QUANTITY
sasie	QUANTITY
sasinë	QUANTITY
sasisë	amount
sat	sat
Satan	SATA
satana	satan
satanai	SATAN
satanait	SATAN
satananë	satanic
Satani	Satan
Satanin	Satan
Satanit	Satan
sate	yours
satejanë	satanic
satirët	satyrs
satrapë	satraps
satrapët	satrap
satrapëve	satraps
saturn	Saturn
Saul	Sault
Sauli	Saul
Saulin	Saul
Saulinë	Saulina
Saulit	Saul
saulitëve	Shaulites
Saull	Saul
Saullë	Saul
Saulli	Saul
Saullit	Saul
savahthani	Savahthani
Savaothit	Sabaoth
Savatismó	Savatismó
save	save
Savi	Savin
Savisë	Savija
Savllo	Savllo
Savllonë	Savllone
Savllosë	Savllo
Savllua	Savllua
Savthekau	Savthekau
savvat	Savvat
savvata	savvata
savvatat	the savvats
savvatë	savvat
savvatënë	in the month of Sabbat
savvatësë	savvad
Savvatit	Savvat
Savvau	Savva
sbardhëllua	whitened
sbardhëllyerë	whitewashed
sbardhëllyerët	the whitewashed
sbardhëllyerit	bleachers
sbardhëmen	bleach
sbardhëmesë	bleach
sbardhi	white
sbardhun	whitewash
sbardhunë	whitewash
sbardhunit	whitewash
sbardhura	whitewashed
sbardhurit	whitewashed
sbarthnë	burden
sbath	bathroom
sbëleth	sloppy
sbëlethnjënë	lazy
sbëlodhi	relax
sbëlue	sell
sbëluem	we bought
sbërthehei	unwrap
sbërthyenë	unbuttoned
sbon	no
sbonjënë	sbonjena
sbras	down
sbraze	empty
sbrazë	empty
sbrazetë	empty
sbrazëtë	empty
sbrazinë	emptiness
sbreç	scurf
sbres	come down
sbresë	hope
sbresëmë	hope
sbresënë	hope
sbret	come
sbrisje	deletion
sbrisni	delete
sbriste	took off
sbrit	come down
sbrita	lift
sbritëm	we came down
sbriti	arrived
sbritnë	come down
sbritni	get off
sbritur	raised
sbriturë	raised
sbua	no
sbukuron	beautifies
Sbulesa	Revelation
sbulesë	revelation
sbulo	reveal
sbuloftë	let it be revealed
sbulohenë	are revealed
sbulohetë	undiscovered
Sbulohi	Discover
sbuloi	discovered
sbulon	reveals
sbulonetë	undiscovered
sbulonjë	discovery
sbulonte	reveal
sbulove	you discovered
sbulua	discovered
sbuluaratë	discoveries
sbulue	reveal
sbuluem	undiscovered
sbulueme	undiscovered
sbuluemë	we discovered
sbuluemen	discovery
sbuluemes	detective
sbuluemesë	detective
sbuluemët	the undiscovered
sbuluemit	the discovery
sbuluenë	undiscovered
sbulunë	spy
sbulutë	discovery
sbut	soften
sbutetë	soft
sbutnë	soft
sbutunë	button
sdërrmonjënë	overwhelming
sdërrmove	crushed
sdrip	snip
sdripën	the sdripe
sdripi	sdripi
sdripinë	the sdripin
sdripnë	sdripe
sdripni	shave
sdripnia	the drought
sdripun	sdripun
sdripunë	the sdripu
sdrugje	drug addiction
sdryp	oppressed
sdrypa	naked
sdrype	naked
sdrypi	naked
sdrypinë	the sty
sdrypnë	oppress
sdrypsha	sdripsha
sdrypshinë	sdripshina
sdrypte	scold
sdrypun	the strop
sdrypunë	the sbrup
sdrypunit	you are naked
se	that
seance	session
seancë	HEARING
Seba	Seba
Sebami	Sebum
Seban	Seba
Sebanë	Sebana
Sebasë	Seba
sebep	excuse
Seboimevet	Seboims
seç	sec
secila	each
secilën	EACH
secilës	each
secili	each
secilin	EACH
secilit	EACH
secilli	each
sedefi	nacrous
Sedekia	Zedekiah
Sedekian	Zedekiah
Sedekias	Zedekiah
sedrën	your own self-
Sefamit	Sepham
Sefar	Sephar
Sefara	Sephara
Sefarad	Sephardic
Sefarvaimësë	Sepharvaim
Sefarvaimi	va'im
Sefarvaimit	Sepharvites
Sefer	Sefer
Seferin	taketh
Sefora	Zipporah
Seforan	Zipporah
Seforën	Zipporah
Segubin	Segub
Seir	Seir
Seirah	Seirah
Seiri	Seir
Seirit	Seir
Sejrit	Seyrit
Sekakahu	Secacah
sekret	secret
sekretar	secretary
sekretarë	secretaries
sekretarët	SECRETARIES
sekretari	secretariat
sekretarin	Secretary
sekretarit	secretary
sekrete	secret
sekretet	secrets
sekreteve	secrets
sekreti	secret
sekretin	INTELLIGENCE
seksuale	sexual
sekt	sect
sektar	sectarian
sekti	sect
sektit	sect
Seku	Secu
Sekundhua	Seconded
Sekundi	Secundus
Sel	Sel
Sela	Sela
selah	Selah
Selanik	Thessaloniki
selanikasve	THESSALONIANS
Selaniku	Thessaloniki
Selanikuishte	Thessaloniki
Selanikut	Thessaloniki
Selas	Selas
Seledi	Seled
Selefqi	Salafist
Selën	Sela
Selenik	Selenic
Selenikli	Selenite
Seleniklitë	Selenicians
Seleniklivet	Seleniclivet
Seleniku	Selenic
Selenikut	Selenic
Seleniqotet	Selenites
Selës	Selo
Seleuki	Seleucia
Seleukiaishte	Seleucid
seli	HEADQuArtErs
selia	HEADQUARTERS
Selim	Salem
Selimit	Selim
selinë	headquarters
selisë	HEADQUARTERS
Sellah	Sellah
Sellaja	Saddle
Sellasë	Sella
selvi	cypress
selvia	cypress
selvinë	cypress
selvisë	fir
selvitë	cypresses
Semakiahu	Semachiah
sëmboi	stabbed
sëmbon	have a twinge
sëmbuarë	sick
seme	seed
Semeinit	Semeinit
Semeit	Semei
Semeiut	Semei
Semeshu	Semeshu
Semi	Semitic
semidhal	semi-dhal
semidhalit	semi-dahl
semidhallë	semi-skimmed milk
Semin	Semin
Semiramothi	Shemiramoth
Semit	Semitic
Semovorinë	Semovorin
sëmua	sick
sëmum	sick
sëmuna	sick
sëmunda	I got sick.
sëmundash	sick
sëmundat	sick
sëmunde	sick
sëmundë	sick
sëmundëj	get sick
sëmundeja	illness
sëmundeje	sick
sëmundëje	illness
sëmundëjesë	illness
sëmundëjësë	sick person
sëmundëjesh	to be sick
sëmundëjet	diseases
sëmundëjetë	illness
sëmundëjevet	diseases
sëmundëra	illness
sëmundët	the sick
sëmundëtë	the sick
sëmundiet	diseases
sëmundja	illness
sëmundje	DISEASES
sëmundjeje	ILLNESS
sëmundjen	disease
sëmundjes	disease
sëmundjesh	diseases
sëmundjet	diseases
sëmundjeve	disease
sëmunë	sick
sëmunësh	sick
sëmunët	the sick
sëmunëtë	sick
sëmunëvet	the sick
sëmuni	get sick
sëmur	sicken
sëmura	diseased
sëmurçë	sick
sëmurë	ILL
sëmurej	ill
sëmurën	ill
sëmuret	ill
sëmurët	sick
sëmurëtë	the sick
sëmurëve	ill
sëmurëvet	sick people
sëmuri	patient
sëmurin	sick
sëmurinë	the disease
sëmurit	the sick
sëmurturet	sick
Senaahut	Senaah
Senaarit	Shinar
Senakeribi	Sennacherib
Senakeribin	Sennacherib
Senakeribit	Sennacherib
senapi	mustard
send	thing
sende	stuff
sendërgjimet	the events
sendërgjojnë	they are sleeping
sendesh	stuff
sendet	ITEMS
sendeve	ITEMS
sendi	ITEM
sendin	thing
senduk	chest
sendukut	chest
sënë	Sene
Seneh	Seneh
Senir	Senir
Senirit	Shenir
Sennaarit	Sennaar
Sennaavinë	Sennaavina
Sennaqeribi	Sennacherib
Sennaqeribinë	Sennacherib
Sennaqeribit	Sennacherib
Sennaqerivi	Sennacherib
sensualizëm	sensationalism
sentencë	dictum
Senuahut	Hassenuah
Seorimi	Seorim
sëpata	ax
sëpatat	mattocks
sëpatë	ax
sëpatën	ax
sëpatënë	the axe
sëpatës	axe
sepse	BECAUSE
sër	Sir
sëra	The set
Serafimë	Seraphim
Serafimëtë	Seraphim
serafinët	seraphim
Serah	Sarah
Serahu	Serah
Serahun	Sarah
Serajahu	Saraia
Serajahun	Saraias
Serajahut	Saraias
sërë	greenhouse
Seredi	Sered
sërën	likes
sërës	array types
Serginë	Sergius
Sergj	Sergius
Sergjo	Sergio
seria	SERIES
serisë	Batch
sërish	again
Serugu	Sarug
Serugut	Serug
Seruhu	Seruhu
Serukut	Seruk
sesa	than
Sese	If
Seshain	Sheshai
Seshani	Sheshan
sesi	how
Sespe	Sespe
Sespse	Because
Seth	Seth
Sethi	Seth
Sethit	Seth
Setit	Seth
Seturi	Sethur
Sevau	Sevau
Sevoim	We serve.
Sevoimit	Sevoim
Sevoimvet	Sevoimvet
sfera	SCOPE
sfidoj	challenge
sfiduan	challenged
sfiduar	challenge
sfilit	it breaks
sfiliti	convulsed
sfilitur	weary
sfongar	sponge
sfungar	mushroom
sfungjer	sponge
sfurk	pitchfork
sfurkun	fork
sfurqe	pitchforks
Sfuturinë	The future
sgafulluem	we are exhausted
sgidhnë	choose
sgidhni	choose
sgidhunë	adverb
sgithnia	the sky
sgjano	I'm sorry.
sgjanohi	forget
sgjanoishinë	Sjanoishine
sgjanojnë	they look like
sgjanojsh	to be careful
sgjanove	you are beautiful
sgjanue	sorry
sgjas	almost
sgjasë	probably
sgjasënë	probably
sgjat	long
sgjatenë	length
sgjati	length
sgjatonetë	long-lasting
sgjatonjë	long-lived
sgjebosurë	scabies
sgjedha	election
sgjedhë	election
sgjedhëme	election
sgjedhëmenë	election
sgjedhëmesë	election
sgjedhën	they chose
sgjedhënë	chosen
sgjedhim	choice
sgjedhimë	choice
sgjedhinë	choice
sgjedhun	choose
sgjedhuna	chosen
sgjedhunavet	choices
sgjedhunë	election
sgjedhuni	choose
sgjedhunit	the electorate
sgjedhunitë	the unlucky ones
sgjedhunivet	choices
sgjedhur	chosen
sgjedhura	chosen
sgjedhuratë	election
sgjedhurë	chosen
sgjedhuret	elected
sgjedhuri	choice
sgjedhurinë	the election
sgjedhurit	the chosen ones
sgjedhuritë	choices
Sgjëro	Expand
sgjëroftë	may it be blessed
sgjëroi	expanded
sgjeron	expands
sgjëron	expands
sgjëronetë	segronet
sgjëronj	I'm sorry.
sgjeronjë	nobody
sgjërove	you were busy
sgjëruatë	wide
sgjeth	leaf
sgjethnjë	leaf
sgjidh	choose
sgjidhe	oyster
sgjidhëm	we chose
sgjidhenë	adze
sgjidhetë	noodles
sgjidhi	egg
sgjidhin	they are confused
sgjidhish	sgjidhi
sgjidhit	sjjidh
sgjidhnë	choice
sgjidhni	choose
sgjidhnia	the choice
sgjidhnjë	egg
sgjidhte	choose
sgjidhuna	egg
sgjidhunë	egg
sgjidhurë	unsolved
sgjidhurit	the winners
sgjidhuritë	solutions
sgjith	all
sgjithç	however
sgjithnë	anyway
sgjithni	always
Sgjithnia	Society
sgjithnjë	always
sgjithshiem	omniscient
sgjithshinë	everything
sgjithte	all
sgjodha	I chose
sgjodhe	choose
sgjodhë	choose
sgjodhi	chosen
sgjohu	wake up
sgjoju	listen
sgjonem	I am learning.
sgjonesh	you are smart
sgjoth	sgt.
sgjothnë	all
sgjothtë	sjoth
sgjuarë	smart
sh	sh
sha	AD
Shaafi	Shaaph
Shaafin	Shaaph
Shaal	Shawl
Shaalabinin	Shaalabbin
Shaalbim	Shaalbim
Shaalboni	Shaalbonite
Shaalimit	Shalim
Shaaraim	Shaaraim
Shaaraimi	Sharaim
Shaarimit	Shaaraim
Shaashgazit	Shaashgaz
Shabaoth	Shabaath
Shabasë	Shabash
shabatit	SABBATH
Shabethai	Shabbethai
shaç	plaster
Shadrak	Shadrach
Shadraku	Shadrach
Shadrakun	Shadrach
Shadrakut	Shadrach
Shafami	Shafami
Shafan	Shaphan
Shafani	Saphan
Shafanin	Saphan
Shafanit	Saphan
Shafati	Shaphat
Shafatit	Shaphat
shafçi	shafq
Shafirit	Shafir
shafshi	sloppy
Shageut	Shage
Shahar	Shahar
Shaharaimit	Shaharaim
Shahatsimah	Shahazimah
shahem	dash
shahemi	we are fighting
shahen	they are cursed
shahenë	chess
shahërak	chess player
shahëraq	chess player
shaheshinë	they were playing chess
shahet	blasphemed
shahetë	chess
shaijn	shayin
shaijnë	they scold
shaj	shout
shajë	revile
shajënë	the insult
shajinë	shaykh
shajnë	revile
shajshinë	gossip
shajtinë	the devil
shaka	joke
Shakaniahut	Sechenias
Shakia	Shachia
shakujt	bottles
shakullë	bellows
shakulli	bellows
shakullina	whirlwind
shakullinat	whirlwind
shakullinë	whirlwind
shakullinës	whirlwind
shakullit	bellows
Shalal	Shalal
shalë	saddle
Shalekethit	Shalekethit
Shalem	Shalem
shalët	saddle
shalëvet	saliva
Shalila	shalishah
Shalishas	Shalishah
shallall	scarf
shallet	scarves
Shallumi	Shallum
Shallumit	Shallum
Shalmaneseri	Shalmaneser
Shalmani	Shalman
shaloi	saddled
shaloj	saddle
shalojnë	saddled
Shalom	Peace
shaloni	Harness
shalqi	watermelon
shaluan	they saddled
shaluar	saddled
Shalumi	Shallun
Shalumin	Shallum
Shalumit	Shallum
sham	sham
Shama	Shame
Shamah	Shammah
Shamahu	Shammah
Shamai	Shammai
Shamain	Shammai
Shamait	Shammai
shambdan	candlestick
shame	Sham
shamë	Sham
shamet	shame
shamëtima	gossip
Shamgari	Shamgar
Shamgarit	Shamgar
Shamhuth	Shamhut
shami	handkerchief
Shamir	Shamir
Shamirin	Shamir
shamitë	handkerchiefs
Shamlait	Shalmai
Shammahu	Shammah
Shammahut	Shammah
shamndan	candlestick
Shamothi	Shamoth
Shamsherai	Shamsherai
shamtima	charm
shamtimavet	charms
shamtimë	ghost
shamtimën	the ghost
shamtimënë	the ghost
shamtimësë	ghost
shamtimët	ghosts
shamtini	shamrock
Shamua	Shammuah
Shamuas	Shammua
shan	curse
shandan	candlestick
shandanë	candlestick
shandanët	candlesticks
shandanëve	candlesticks
shandani	candlestick
shandanin	candlestick
shandanit	candlestick
shanë	treated shamefully
shani	curse
shanin	abusively
Shanit	shan
shanj	curse
shanjë	Shanjia
Shanoiri	Shamir
shantazh	blackmail
shara	SHARE
Sharai	Sharai
Shararit	Sharari
sharat	swearing
sharatë	prank
sharë	Shara
sharët	you cursed
sharëtë	swear words
Sharetser	Sharezer
Sharetseri	Share'zer
Sharetserin	Sherezer
Sharezeri	Sharezer
shari	shit
sharit	Shara
sharitë	the shari
sharje	lashing
sharjen	Abuse
sharjet	lashing
sharkën	the shark
sharkësë	scolding
Sharon	Sharon
Sharona	Sharon
Sharoni	Sharon
Sharonit	Sharon
sharra	sawmill
sharrë	CHAINSAW
sharruenë	sawn
shartesa	slips
shartohem	grafted
shartohen	grafted
shartohesha	I was grafting.
shartojë	graft
shartove	grafted
shartuar	grafted
shartuem	grafted
Sharuhenin	Sharuhen
Shashai	Shashai
Shashaku	Shashak
Shashakut	Shashak
shastisur	thunderstruck
shatë	hoe
shatorre	pavilion
shatorren	pavilion
shatorret	curtains
shau	Shaun
Shauli	Shaul
Shaulli	Saul
shave	shovel
Shaveh	Shaveh
Shavehut	Shaveh
Shavsha	Shavsha
Sheali	Sheal
Shealthielit	Shealtiel
Shealtieli	Salathiel
Shealtielit	Shealtiel
Shean	Sean
Sheani	Shean
Sheanit	Shean
Shear	Shear
Sheariah	Shariah
Sheariahu	Sheariah
sheba	sheba
Shebah	Sheba
Shebai	Shebai
shebaja	sheba
Sheban	Sheba
Shebaniahu	Shebaniah
Shebaniahut	Shecaniah
Shebanjahu	Shebaniah
Shebarim	Shebarim
Shebarniahu	Shebaniah
Shebas	Sheba
shebasë	sheba
shebatit	Sabath
shëbejshinë	service
Shebën	sheba
Sheberin	Sheber
Shebës	Sheba
Shebeth	Saturday
Shebin	Sheba
Shebna	Shebnah
Shebnai	Shebnai
Shebnan	Sobna
Shebnanë	Shebnana
Shebnaun	Sobna
Shebueli	Shebuel
sheç	sheikh
Shedeurit	Sedeur
Sheerahën	Sheerah
Sheerahun	Sheerahun
shef	chief
Shefam	Shepham
Shefami	Shepham
shefat	heads
Shefatiahu	Saphathia
Shefatiahun	Sheph
Shefatiahut	Shephathiah
Shefer	Shepherd
shefi	HEAD
Shefo	Shepho
Shefoi	The boss
shëfrefshim	let's surf
shëfrejë	boss
shëfreva	I was drunk.
Shefufani	Shephuphan
shega	pomegranate
shege	pomegranate
shegë	pomegranate
shegën	pomegranate
shegës	pomegranate
shegësh	pomegranate
shegët	pomegranate
shegëve	pomegranates
shegëvet	pomegranates
shëgjet	arrows
shëgjeta	arrow
shëgjetat	arrows
shëgjetë	arrow
shëgjetonetë	darts
shëgjetoret	the arrows
shëgjetuanë	they traveled
shëgjetulla	dart
sheh	you see
Shehariahu	Shehariah
Shehem	See you later.
Shehemi	See you later.
Sheheminë	Shechem
Shehemit	Shechem
shëj	holy
shek	KEA
Shekaniahu	Shecaniah
Shekaniahut	Sechenias
Shekanijahut	Shecaniah
Shekanjahu	Sechenia
shekëlla	shekel
shekëlle	century
Shekemi	Shechem
Shekemin	Shechem
shekemitëve	Shechemite
sheklla	shekel
shekllatë	chocolate
sheklle	century
shekllësë	century
shekuj	centuries
shekujsh	centuries
shekujt	centuries
shekujve	centuries
shekulli	century
shekullin	CENTURY
Shelah	Shelah
Shelahu	Salah
Shelahut	Shelah
shelanitëve	Shelanites
shëlbues	redeemer
shëlbuesi	Redeemer
Shëlbuesin	Redeemer
shëlbuesinë	redemption
shëlbuesit	Redeemer
Shëlbyesit	The Redeemers
Shelefi	Sheleph
Shelemiah	mi'ah
Shelemiahu	Shelemiah
Shelemiahun	Shelemiah
Shelemiahut	Selemias
Sheleshi	Shelesh
shelg	willow
shelgje	willow
shelgjet	willows
shelgjeve	willows
Shellah	Shellah
Shellahu	Shellah
Shellahut	Shellah
shëllimë	salvation
shëllirë	brine
shëllishim	salting
Shelomit	Shelomi
Shelomith	Shelomith
Shelomithi	Shelomith
Shelomithin	Shelomith
Shelomithit	Shelomith
Shelomothin	Shelomoth
Shelomothit	Shelomoth
shelqet	shelve
shelqevet	watermelons
Shelumieli	Salamiel
Shelumielit	Salamiel
Shelumjeli	Shelumiel
Shema	Scheme
Shemaahut	Shemaah
Shemajah	Shemaiah
Shemajahu	Shemaiah
Shemajahun	Shemai'ah
Shemajahut	Shemaiah-
Shemariah	Shemariah
Shemariahu	Shemariah
Shemas	Shema
shemb	collapse
shembë	collapses
shëmbëllej	likeness
shëmbëllejëmë	give me an example
shëmbëllejënë	the example
shëmbëllen	resembles
shëmbëllën	the parable
shëmbëlleni	imitate
shëmbëllenj	parables
shëmbëllenjë	parable
shëmbëllesa	image
shëmbëllesë	the figures
shëmbëllesën	very image
shëmbëllesës	parable
shëmbëllesësë	parable
shëmbëllëtyr	parable
shëmbëllëtyrë	candy
shëmbëllëtyrës	slanderer
shëmbëllierë	pastry chef
shëmbëllim	image
shëmbëllimet	reflections
shëmbëllimi	image
shëmbëllimin	image
shëmbëllimit	likeness
shëmbëlltyra	image
shëmbëlltyrat	images
shëmbëlltyrave	images
shëmbëlltyre	parable
shëmbëlltyrë	image
shëmbëlltyrën	IMAGE
shëmbëlltyrës	image
shëmbëllyem	we resembled
shëmbëllyerë	parables
shëmbëllyerit	the likenesses
shemben	collapse
shembën	demolished
shembet	collapse
shembi	Col.Shemsi
shembim	demolish
shembin	break down
shembni	break down
shembuj	eXAMPLES
shembull	example
shembulli	example
shembullin	the example
shembullit	example
shembur	collapsed
Shemeberit	Shemeber
Shemedi	Shamed
Shemejahu	Shemaiah his
shemër	rival
Shemeri	Shemer
Shemerit	Shemer
Shemesh	Shema
Shemeshi	Shemesh
Shemeshin	Shemesh
Shemeshit	shemesh
Shemiahu	Shimma
Shemida	Shemida
shemidaitëve	Shemidaites
Shemidas	Shemidah
Shemidit	Shemida
Sheminith	Sheminith
Shemiramoth	Shemiramoth
Shemiramothi	Shemiramoth
shemra	rival
shëmtirat	filth
shëmtuar	ugly
shëmtuara	ugly
shëmtuaratë	ugly
shëmtuarë	ugly
Shemueli	Shemuel
shën	St.
Shenatsari	Shenazzar
shend	sell
shendet	healthy
shëndet	health
shëndetësore	hEALTH
shëndeti	health
shëndetin	health
shëndetinë	health
shëndetit	SoundneSS
shëndetnë	health
shëndetshëm	healthy
shëndosh	healthy
shëndosha	plump
shëndoshe	healthy
shëndoshë	healthy
shëndoshen	healed
shëndoshenë	healthy
shëndosheshinë	they were getting fat
shëndoshet	plump
shëndoshët	healthy
shëndoshetë	healthy
shëndoshëtë	healthy
shëndoshi	healed
shëndoshin	healed
shëndoshja	soundness
shëndoshnë	healthy
shëndoshni	get healthy
shëndoshshinë	health
shëndoshte	was healthy
shëndoshun	healthy
shëndoshunash	fat man
shëndoshunë	healthy
shëndoshuni	get healthy
shëndoshunit	healthy
shëndritunit	brightening
shënimin	MARKING
Shenin	Shean
Shenir	Shenir
Shenit	Shen
shenj	mark
shenja	sign
shenjash	Trademark
shenjat	signs
shenjave	MARKS
shenje	Group
shenjë	mark
shënje	marker
shënjë	mark
shenjën	mark
shenjënë	the sign
shenjës	LOGO
shenjësë	sign
shenjesh	signs
shenjet	mark
shenjët	HOLY
shënjet	signs
shenjëtar	an expert
shenjetë	sign
shenjëtë	signs
shënjetë	target
shenjeve	signs
shenjevet	signs
shënjevet	the signs
shenji	sign
shenjin	the sign
shenjit	the signs
shenjt	saint
shënjt	mark
shenjta	sacred
shenjte	holistic
shenjtë	Holy
shënjte	saint
shenjtën	sacred
shenjtëna	sanctuary
shenjtënash	saint
shenjtënat	the holy places
shenjtënavet	shrines
shenjtenë	saint
shenjtënë	the sanctuary
shenjtëni	sanctify
shenjtënim	sanctification
shenjtënimi	sanctification
shenjtënimin	consecration
shenjtëniminë	sanctification
shenjtënimit	sanctification
shenjtënin	sanctify
shenjtëninë	holiness
shenjtënisë	holiness
shenjtënish	saints
shenjtënit	saints
shenjtënitë	sanctities
Shenjtëno	Sanctify
shenjtënoft	holy night
shenjtënoftë	hallowed be it
shenjtënohenë	they are sanctified
shenjtënohet	sanctified
shenjtënohetë	sanctified
shenjtënoi	consecrated
shenjtënoj	sanctify
shenjtënojë	sanctify
shenjtënon	sanctifies
shenjtënoni	sanctify
shenjtënoren	the sanctuary
shenjtënorenë	holy place
shenjtënoret	sanctuaries
shenjtënue	sanctify
shenjtënuem	consecrated
shenjtënueme	sanctified
shenjtënuemeja	holy name
shenjtënuemenë	holy name
shenjtënuemet	holy names
shenjtënuemetë	holy name
shenjtënuemevet	holynamevet
shenjtënuemi	we are sanctified
shenjtënuemin	the saint
shenjtënueminë	sanctification
shenjtënuemit	to the saints
shenjtënuemvet	holy people
shenjtënueshim	we were sanctified
shenjtënueshime	sanctifications
shenjtënueshimë	sacred
shënjtënueshime	sanctifications
shenjtënueshimenë	sanctification
shenjtënueshimi	sanctification
shenjtënueshiminë	sanctity
shenjtënueshimitë	holydays
shenjtënueshimivet	sanctifications
shenjtënuetë	holy woman
shenjtënushim	sanctification
shënjtër	saint
shenjtëri	holiness
shënjtëri	holiness
shenjtëria	holiness
shenjtërim	sanctification
shënjtërim	sanctification
shenjtërimi	consecrations
shënjtërimi	sanctification
shenjtërimin	holiness
shenjtërimit	consecrations
Shënjtërimmbë	Holiness
shënjtërimnë	sanctification
shënjtërin	the saint
shenjtërinë	holiness
shënjtërinë	holiness
shenjtërisë	holiness
shënjtërisë	holiness
shënjtërisht	saints
Shënjtërishte	Holy
shenjtëro	sanctify
shënjtëro	sanctify
shenjtëroftë	Hallowed
shenjtërohej	consecrated
shenjtërohem	sanctified
shenjtërohen	consecrated
shenjtëroheshin	sanctified
shenjtërohet	sanctified
shenjtërohuni	Sanctify
shenjtëroi	consecrated
shënjtëroi	beatified
shenjtëroj	sanctify
shënjtëroj	sanctify
shenjtëroje	sanctify it
shenjtërojë	hallow
Shënjtërojë	Sanctify
Shenjtëroji	Sanctify it.
shenjtërojnë	hallow
shenjtëron	sanctifies
shënjtëron	sanctifies
shënjtëronen	they are sanctified
shënjtëronenë	Saint-Tropez
shënjtëronetë	saints
shenjtëroni	hallow
shënjtëroni	hallow
shënjtëronj	saints
shënjtëronjç	saint
shënjtëronjë	saint
shënjtëronjën	they were saints
shënjtëronjënë	saint
shënjtëronjsh	saints
shenjtëronte	sanctify
shenjtërore	sanctuary
shënjtërore	saintly
shenjtëroren	sanctuary
shënjtëroren	the sanctuary
shënjtërorenë	sacred
shenjtërores	sanctuary
shënjtëroresë	sanctuary
shenjtëroret	sanctuaries
shënjtëroret	shrines
Shenjtëroreve	Holies
shenjtërorëve	houses
shenjtërorja	sanctuary
shenjtërosh	hallow
shenjtërova	sanctified
shenjtërua	sanctified
shënjtërua	beatified
shenjtëruam	we consecrated
shenjtëruan	they sanctified
shenjtëruar	consecrated
shënjtëruar	consecrated
shenjtëruara	dedicated
shënjtëruara	consecrated
shënjtëruarat	the saints
shënjtëruaratë	sanctification
shënjtëruaravet	saints
shënjtëruarë	sanctified
shënjtëruarën	they sanctified
shënjtëruarënë	sanctified
shënjtëruarësë	sanctifiers
shënjtëruarët	the saints
shënjtëruarëvet	the saints
shënjtëruari	sanctity
shënjtëruarin	the saint
shenjtëruarinë	holiness
shënjtëruarinë	sanctification
shenjtëruarit	the sanctified
shënjtëruarit	the saints
shënjtëruaritë	sanctuaries
shenjtëruarve	to the saints
shenjtëruat	you sanctified
shënjtëruatë	sanctified
shenjtët	Holy
shenjtëve	saints
shenjti	Holy One
Shënjti	Holy One
shenjtin	Holy
shënjtin	Holy One
shenjtinë	holiness
Shënjtinë	Saint
shenjtit	Holy One
shënjtit	Holy One
shënjtnë	saint
shenjtorë	saints
shënjtorë	The saints
shenjtorësh	saints
shënjtorësh	saints
shenjtorët	saints
shënjtorët	saints?
shënjtorëtë	the saints
shenjtoreve	saints
shenjtorëve	The saints
shënjtorëvet	the saints
Shenjtorit	Saints
shenjtorja	The saints
shëno	Mark
shënoi	CELEBRATED
shënojë	SCORE
shënojeni	Mark
shënon	RECORDS
shënonia	marking
shënonie	marking
shënonte	mark
shënt	saint
shëntëron	it is sacred
shëntëruaratë	saints
shëntëruarë	consecrated
Shënti	Saint
Shëntit	Saint
shënuar	LISTED
shënuarë	mark
shënuem	noted
shënueme	noted
shënueshim	marking
sheol	hell
Sheoli	Sheol
Sheolin	hell
Sheolit	hell
Sherabiahu	Sherebiah
shërbe	serve
shërbefshin	serve
shërbefshinë	village service
shërbeftë	be for
shërbehej	served
shërbehet	served
shërbeijmë	we serve
shërbeijn	serve
shërbeijnë	serve
shërbeishinë	service
shërbej	SERVING
shërbeje	serve
shërbejë	serve
shërbejënë	serve
shërbejeni	serve it
shërbeji	serve
shërbejinë	the service
shërbejini	serve them
shërbejm	Serving
shërbejmë	SERVE
shërbejnë	SERVING
shërbejsh	serve
shërbemë	we served
shërben	serves
shërbenetë	servants
shërbeni	serve
shërbenim	serve
shërbenin	serving
shërbeninë	service
shërbenit	serve the
shërbenj	serve
shërbenjç	servant
shërbenjë	serve
shërbenjën	they served
shërbenjënë	servant
shërbenjës	minister
shërbenjësi	minister
shërbenjësit	ministers
shërbente	serving
shërbërorëtë	servants
shërbesa	MINISTRY
shërbesash	ministers have
shërbesat	services
shërbesavet	services
shërbese	ministry
shërbesë	MINISTRY
shërbesëja	the service
shërbesën	ministry
shërbesënë	in the service
shërbesës	MINISTRY
shërbesësë	service
shërbeset	services
shërbesët	the services
shërbesh	SERVE
shërbestarë	ministers
shërbestarët	ministers
shërbestarit	minister
shërbëtor	valet
shërbëtore	housemaid
shërbëtorë	servants
shërbëtoreja	the maid
shërbëtoreje	maid
shërbëtoren	handmaid
shërbëtorenë	the maid
shërbëtores	HANDMAID
shërbëtoresë	maid
shërbëtoresh	maidservants
shërbëtorësh	servants
shërbëtoret	maids
shërbëtorët	servants
shërbëtoretë	maids
shërbëtorëtë	servants
shërbëtoreve	maidens
shërbëtorëve	valet
shërbëtorevet	maids
shërbëtorëvet	servants
shërbëtori	SERVANT
shërbëtorin	servant
shërbëtorinë	servitude
shërbëtorit	the servant
shërbëtorja	handmaid
shërbëtornë	servant
shërbëtuar	served
shërbëtuarin	the servant
shërbëtuer	servant
shërbëtur	served
shërbëtyre	servant
shërbëtyrë	servant
shërbëtyrësë	servants
shërbeu	served
shërbeva	served
shërbienë	service
shërbierë	servants
shërbierit	servants
shërbieritë	services
shërbietë	servants
shërbim	THE SERVICE
shërbime	services
shërbimesh	COMMERCIAL
shërbimet	sERVICE
shërbimi	service
shërbimin	SERVICE
shërbimn	service
shërblimtorenë	maid
shërbyem	minister
shërbyen	served
shërbyenë	served
shërbyer	SERVE
shërbyerë	serve
shërbyes	SERVANTS
shërbyese	maid
shërbyesen	maid
shërbyeses	slave
shërbyeset	maid
shërbyeseve	Servants
shërbyesi	servant
shërbyesin	the servant
shërbyesit	servants
shërbyesja	maid
shërbyesve	servants
shërbyet	bondage
shërbyetë	servants
shërbymë	we served
Sherebiahu	Sherebiah
Sherebiahun	Sherebiah
Sheresh	Sher
shërim	recovery
shërime	healings
shërimeve	healing
shërimevet	healings
shërimi	recovery
shërimin	Recovering
shërimit	healing
shermend	branch
shermende	branches
shermendet	branches
shermendët	branches
shermendi	branch
shëro	heal
shëroç	doctor
shërohej	was recovering
shërohem	recover
shërohen	recover
shëroheni	healed
shërohesh	Whole
shëroheshin	healed
shërohet	heal
shërohu	Healed
shëroi	CURED
shëroijnë	heal
shëroj	heal
shëroja	I was healing.
Shëroje	Heal it.
shërojë	heal
shërojënë	heal
shërojnë	heal
shëromë	heal
shëron	cures
shëroneç	hospital
shëronej	get well
shëronejnë	heal
shëronem	I am recovering.
shëronenë	hospital
shëronesh	you are cured
shëronetë	nurse
shëroni	heal
shëronim	healed
shëronin	heal
shëronishnë	in the hospital
shëronj	heal
shëronjë	nurse
shëronte	heal
shërosh	heal
shërou	healed
shërouni	heal yourself
shërova	recovered
shërove	well!
sherri	contention
shërua	healed
shëruajturitë	services
shëruam	healed
shëruan	healed
shëruanë	they healed
shëruar	HEAL
shëruarë	healed
shëruari	the healer
shëruarit	healing
shëruat	healed
shes	sell
shesë	sell
shesëmë	sell
shesënë	market
shesësh	sell
shesh	REVEAL
Sheshai	She'shai
Sheshain	She'shai
Sheshaku	Babylon is
Sheshakut	Sheshach
Sheshani	Sheshan
Sheshanit	Sheshan
Sheshbatsar	Square
Sheshbatsari	Sheshbazzar
Sheshbatsarit	Sheshbazzar
sheshe	squares
sheshet	squares
shesheve	squares
sheshi	square
sheshin	clearly
sheshit	clearly
sheshoftë	, direct
sheshohen	smooth
sheshoi	beat down
sheshoj	smooth
Sheshoje	Ponder
sheshon	weigh
sheshonenë	flatulent
sheshoni	Build it
sheshonjë	flat
sheshtë	flat
sheshuar	hashed
sheshuara	hammered
sheshuarë	bald
shesi	Sheshi
shesim	sell
shesin	sell
shesinë	the square
shesnjë	sale
shestimet	sales
shestimeve	discussions
shestimi	The drafting
shestimin	The drafting
shestojnë	devising
shet	TES
Shethar	Shethar
Shethari	Shethar
Shethit	Seth
shëtisë	strolling
shëtisin	walk
shëtisnin	strolling
shëtiste	walking
shëtit	toddle
shëtitës	TRAVELING
shëtuna	walk
shëtunash	walker
shëtunat	the streets
shëtunatë	wandering
shëtune	walk
shëtunë	walker
shëtunej	walk
shëtunën	they walked
shëtunënë	walker
shëtunësë	walker
Shëtunet	The walks
Sheva	Sheva
Shevan	Sheva
shfajësim	excuse
shfajësimin	righteousness
shfajësohej	vindicated
shfajësohem	my defense
shfajësohemi	justified
shfajësohen	justified
shfajësoheni	justified
shfajësohesh	justified
shfajësoheshim	justified
shfajësohet	justified
shfajësoi	justified
shfajësojë	exculpate
shfajësojnë	exculpate
shfajëson	excuse
shfajësonte	excused
shfajësua	justified
shfajësuar	justified
shfajësuat	justified
shfajësues	exculpatory
shfajsojnë	justify
shfaq	SHOW
shfaqa	manifest
shfaqe	show
shfaqë	feature
shfaqej	APPEAR
shfaqem	crop up
shfaqen	appear
shfaqën	showed
shfaqeni	Show the
shfaqesh	seen
shfaqësh	display
shfaqet	EMERGE
shfaqetë	appear
shfaqi	display
shfaqim	show
shfaqin	SHOWING
shfaqja	APPEARING
shfaqje	SHOW
shfaqjen	appearance
shfaqni	display
shfaqte	showed
shfaqu	Appear
Shfaquni	Shew
shfaqur	APPEARANCE
shfaqura	displayed
shfaqurit	apparitions
shfaros	kill off
shfarosa	end of them
shfarose	exterminated
shfarosë	cut off
shfarosej	destruction
shfarosëm	destroyed
shfarosemi	exterminate
shfarosen	cut off
shfarosën	cut off
shfaroseni	extinct;
shfarosës	exterminator
shfarosesh	cut off
shfarosësh	consume
shfaroseshin	exterminated
shfaroset	cut off
shfarosi	cut off
shfarosim	destroyed
shfarosin	exterminate
shfarosja	EXTERMINATION
shfarosje	EXTERMINATION
shfarosjen	extermination
shfarosjes	extermination
shfarosni	Cut off
shfarosnin	exterminate
shfarosshin	exterminate
shfaroste	exterminate
shfarosur	cut off
shfarosuri	slaying
Shfini	Shfini
shfletojnë	browsing
shfren	vents
shfrenim	orgy
shfrenitë	the wilds
shfrenohej	loose
shfrenuar	rampant
shfrenuara	rampant
shfrim	vent
shfryitnë	use
shfryitunë	take advantage of us
shfryj	decompress
shfryjë	decompressing
shfryjënë	vent
shfryjnë	vent
shfryn	vents
shfrynë	vented
shfryrë	flat
shfryrjen	deflation
shfryrjes	blower
shfrysh	vent
shfrytëzoje	Make the
shfrytëzojnë	USE
shfrytëzon	USE
shfrytëzoni	USE
shfrytëzuar	Harness
shfuqizohen	repealed
shfuqizohet	repealed
shfuqizoi	abolished
shfuqizojë	repeal
shfuqizojmë	abrogate
shfuqizoni	revoke
shfuqizonte	ABOLISH
shfuqizova	subdued
shfuqizua	abolished
shfuqizuar	REPEAL
shfytyrohen	disfigure their faces
shfytyruar	distorted
shgryem	I wrote down
shgryeme	we explain
shgryen	it breaks
shgryhet	it is clear
shgrytë	secret
shi	EOI
Shibah	Shibah
Shiboleth	Shibboleth
shif	SHIFT
shifenë	the siffen
shifeni	see you
shifeshinë	gossip
shifetë	shift
shifiem	we saw
shifin	Schiff
shifinë	the sifina
Shifit	Schiff
shifje	libel
shifji	see
shifni	you see
Shifrah	Shiphrah
Shifrahë	Cipher
shifrat	FigureS
shifrën	figure
shifshiem	we saw
shifshinë	sifshina
Shiftanit	Shiphtan
shifte	SHIFTA
Shigajon	Shigajon
Shiggaion	Shiggaion
Shigionothin	Shigionoth
shigjeta	arrow
shigjetarë	archers
shigjetat	arrow
shigjetatë	arrows
shigjetave	Arrow
shigjetavet	arrows
shigjete	arrow
shigjetë	arrow
shigjetën	arrow
shigjetës	arrow
shigjetësë	arrow
shigjetohetë	arrow
shigjetojë	swipes
shigjetojënë	arrow
shigjetonjë	arrow
shigjetonjënë	arrowhead
shigjetuar	darted
shigjetuarë	archers
shigjetuem	we were shot
shigulloi	whistled
shigullon	squeaks
shigullonjënë	shigullonjena
shih	SEE
shihe	Look
shihej	looking ahead
Shihemësë	See you later.
shihen	seen
shihenë	see you later
shihënë	seen
shiheshin	seen
shihet	SEEN
shihetë	seen
shihinë	see you
shihja	I saw
shihje	seeing
shihka	see you
shihmëni	Behold me
shihnë	see
shihni	LOOK
shihnie	see it
shihnin	See
shihninë	see you
shihnit	see the
shihnjam	I see.
shihnje	see you
Shihonit	See you later.
Shihor	Shihor
Shihori	Shihor
Shihorit	Nile
shihte	see
shij	thresh
shija	taste
shijazi	delicious
shije	taste
shijë	threshing
shijen	taste
shijo	ENJOY
shijojë	taste
shijojnë	taste
shijon	relish
Shijoni	Taste
shijonte	taste
shijova	tasted
shijshëm	DELICIOUS
shijshme	delicious
shijuan	tasted
shijuar	enjoy
shikim	VIEW
shikimi	Viewing
shikimin	LOOKED
shikimit	Eyesight
shiklla	shekel
shiklle	shekel
shikllësë	face
shiko	Look
shikofsh	look
shikoftë	look upon
shikoheshin	regarded
shikoheshinë	were watching
shikoi	looked
shikoj	look
shikoja	watching
shikoje	look at it
shikojë	look
shikojënë	look at
shikojeni	Look
shikoji	Look at
Shikojini	Look
shikojmë	LOOK
shikojnë	LOOKING
shikojshinë	lookout
shikoka	look
Shikomë	Look at me.
Shikomëni	Look at
shikon	you look
shikoneshim	we looked at each other
shikoni	look
shikonim	watched
shikonin	watching
shikoninë	look at it
shikonj	watch
shikonjç	look
shikonje	look at you
shikonjë	look
shikonjënë	look at me
shikonte	look
Shikori	Sihor
shikosh	see
shikova	looked
Shikove	watched
Shikroni	Shikroni
shikuan	Views
shikuar	EXAMINED
shikuarë	viewed
shikuem	we watched
shikues	viewer
shikuesi	viewer
shikuesit	viewers
shikuesve	viewers
Shilemi	Sellem
shilemitëve	Shillemites
Shilhimi	Shilhim
Shilhit	Shil'hi
Shillemi	Shillem
Shillohu	Shillohu
Shillomit	Shillom
Shiloh	Shiloh
Shilohu	Shiloh
Shilohun	Shiloh
Shilohut	Shiloh
Shiloit	Shiloh
Shilon	Shiloh
shilonitët	Shilonites
shilonitit	Shilonite
Shilshahu	Shilshahu
shimë	Shim
Shimea	Shimea
Shimeahu	Shimeah
Shimeahut	Semmaa
Shimeami	Shimeam
shimeathenjtë	chimpanzees
Shimeathit	Shimeath
Shimei	Shimei
Shimein	Shimei
Shimeit	Shimei
Shimej	Shimi
Shimetëve	Shimites
Shimeut	Shimea
Shimi	See
Shimonit	Shimon
Shimrathi	Shimrath
Shimri	Shimri
Shimrin	Shimri
Shimrit	Shimri
Shimrithit	Shimrith
Shimroni	Shimron
Shimronin	Shimron
Shimronit	Shimron
shimronitëve	Shimronites
Shimshai	Shim'shai
Shimshait	Shim'shai
shin	slide
Shinabit	Shinab
Shinari	Shinar
Shinarit	Shinar
shinë	Ribbed
shinik	bushel
shinikë	bushels
Shiniku	bushel
shinjç	bird
shinjë	sign
Shion	Shion
shira	shirt
shirat	rains
shirave	rains
shirë	threshed
shirëse	sive
shirësen	sledge
shirëtë	juicy
shiri	rain
shirita	strips
shirjes	threshing
shiroku	Sirocco
Shirom	Shirom
shish	NIS
Shishaku	Shishak
Shishakut	Shishak
Shishas	Shisha
shishen	bottle
shishime	bottles
shisin	sell
shisinë	the bottle
shisni	SELL
shisnin	sell
shisnit	sell
shiste	sell
shistin	selling in
shit	sell
shita	Shit
Shitah	Shitah
shite	Sell
shitë	Shiite
shitei	kelly
shitej	was sold
shiten	SOLD
shitën	sold
shitenë	sold
shitësi	The seller
shitësit	retailers
shitësve	dealerships
shitet	sold
shitët	you sold
shitetë	sell
shiti	sold
Shitim	Shittim
Shitimi	Setim
Shitimit	Setim
Shitini	Sell
shitja	Shit
shitjen	selling
shitjes	SELLING
Shitmë	Shitme
shitnë	sell
Shitni	sell
shitnin	selling
Shitrai	Shitrai
shitshin	sold
shitshinë	salesman
shittahësë	salesperson
shittë	sell
shittimi	sale
shitun	sell
shitunavet	salespeople
shitunë	shit
shitur	sold
shitura	SOLD
shituravet	sold
shiturë	sold
shiturit	Selling
shiu	MIS
shiun	rain
shiut	RAIN
Shizës	Shiza
shkaik	cause
shkajturitë	the scoundrels
shkak	cause
shkaktar	guilty
shkaktarë	cause
shkaktari	CAUSE
shkaktohej	caused
shkaktoi	triggered
shkaktoj	Caused
shkaktojë	cause
shkaktojnë	CAUSING
shkakton	causes
shkaktoni	cause
shkaktonte	cause
shkaktosh	Causing
shkaktuan	caused
shkaktuar	caused
shkaktuara	INCURRED
shkaku	cause
shkakun	cause
shkalla	scale
shkallare	doorstep
shkallaresh	steps
shkallaret	Stepping Stones
shkallareve	Stepping Stones
shkalle	degree
shkallë	DEGREES
shkallën	EXTENT
shkallës	INSTANCE
shkallët	stairs
shkallëvet	stairs
shkallëza	steps
shkallëzat	stepladder
shkallëzave	steps:
shkallmohej	break up
shkallmuar	ramshackle
shkallojsh	climb
shkallore	steps
shkalloreve	the steps
shkallosh	stairs
shkamb	change
shkambi	cliff
shkambin	exchange
shkambinë	cliff
shkambit	exchange
shkamp	shrimp
shkampit	the rock
shkampt	shrimp
shkandal	scandal
shkandalit	scandal
shkandalizofshinë	scandalize the family
shkandalizoftë	scandalize
shkandalizohenë	they are scandalized
shkandalizoheni	you are scandalized
shkandalizoheshinë	were scandalized
shkandalizohetë	scandalized
shkandalizojë	scandalize
shkandalizon	scandalizes
shkandalizuem	scandalized
shkandalizuenë	scandalized
shkandalizumë	scandalized
shkandujt	scandals
shkandujtë	sparks
shkandula	scandal
shkandulë	scandal
shkandull	stumbling block
shkandullë	scandal
shkandulli	scandal
shkanë	slipped
shkapëderdh	cliff
shkapërcyer	scattered
shkapërcyerë	scattered
shkapërdaj	scattered
shkapërdarë	wasteful
shkapërderdh	squander
shkapërderdhin	extravagance
shkapërderdhje	profusion
shkapërderdhte	wasting
shkapërderdhur	wastefully
shkaqe	CAUSE
shkaqet	causes
shkarëse	ine
shkarët	Lapsed
shkari	the spark
shkarje	creep
shkarkoi	fired
shkarkojnë	discharge
shkarkon	Lets
shkarkonte	unload
shkarkuanë	dismissed
shkarkuar	DOWNLOADING
shkarkuem	discharged
shkarpa	kindling
shkarpini	scrape
shkarpinjt	shoes
shkarpinjvet	scorpions
shkarravina	Doodles
shkarrëzojë	to destroy
shkas	SAAA
shkasë	slip
shkasëmë	trigger
shkasënë	cause
shkasim	slide
shkatërrim	destruction
shkatërrime	mischief
shkatërrimesh	destruction
shkatërrimet	demolitions
shkatërrimi	destruction
shkatërrimin	destruction
shkatërrimit	destruction
shkatërrimtar	crushing
shkatërrimtare	crushing
shkatërrimtarë	spoilers
Shkatërrimtari	spoiler
shkatërro	Erode
shkatërrofshin	cut off
shkatërroftë	overthrow
shkatërrohej	destroyed
shkatërrohen	are destroyed
shkatërroheni	destroyed
shkatërrohesh	destroyed
shkatërroheshe	cut off
shkatërroheshin	destroyed
shkatërrohet	destroyed
shkatërroi	destroyed
shkatërroj	destroy
shkatërroja	wasted
shkatërroje	overthrow
shkatërrojë	destroy
shkatërrojeni	Destroy
shkatërroji	Swallow
shkatërrojini	rase
shkatërrojmë	destroy
shkatërrojnë	destroy
shkatërron	destroys
shkatërroni	destroy
shkatërronin	destroyed
shkatërronte	destroy
shkatërrosh	destroy
shkatërrova	destroyed
shkatërrove	consume
shkatërrua	DESTRUCTION
shkatërruam	destroyed
shkatërruan	destroyed
shkatërruar	destroyed
shkatërruara	Ruined
shkatërruari	betrayal
shkatërrues	destroyer
shkatërruese	devastating
shkatërruesi	spoiler
shkatërruesin	the destroyer
shkatërruesit	destroyers
shkathët	agile
shkathëtëve	skilled
shkathtësi	SKILLS
shkathtësinë	skill
Shkau	slid
shkel	INFRINGES
shkela	encroach
shkelç	step
shkelë	tread
shkelën	stepping
shkelënë	broken
shkeleni	trodden
shkelës	breaker
shkelëse	breach
shkelëset	breaker
shkelësh	tread
shkelësi	offender
shkelësit	offenders
shkelësja	breaker
shkelësve	offenders
shkelet	violated
shkeletë	trespass
shkeli	stepped on
shkelie	violate
shkelim	tread
shkelin	INFRINGE
shkelinë	violation
shkelja	encroach
shkelje	violation
shkeljen	violation
shkeljënë	violate
shkeljes	violation
shkeljesh	Violation
shkeljet	violation
shkeljeve	violation
shkelm	kick
shkelma	kicks
shkelmoç	kick
shkelmove	kicked
shkelmuarët	the kickers
shkelmuarit	the kickers
shkelmuemit	kicked
shkelnë	they break
shkelni	tread
shkelnin	Violated
shkelnjë	violation
shkëlqe	shine
shkëlqeftë	shine
shkëlqejë	shine
shkëlqejnë	excel
shkëlqen	shines
shkëlqenin	sparkled
shkëlqente	shone
shkëlqesi	Excellency
shkëlqeu	excelled
shkëlqim	glow
shkëlqimi	brightness
shkëlqimin	brightness
shkëlqimit	splendor
shkëlqimn	the shine
shkëlqyem	we shined
shkëlqyeme	brilliant
shkëlqyer	FINE
shkëlqyera	excellent
shkëlqyerat	goodly
shkëlqyerë	excellent
shkëlqyeri	exalted
shkëlqyerin	exalted
shkëlqyeshëm	famously
shkëlqyeshim	we were brilliant
shkëlqyeshimet	the brilliance
shkëlqyeshme	excellent
shkëlqytë	brilliant
shkelsh	step on
shkelshin	they trampled
shkelshinë	footstep
shkelte	breaking
shkeltë	breaking
shkelturë	trampled
shkelun	they trample
shkelunë	broken
shkelur	Trampling
shkelurë	broken
shkeluri	transgressions
shkëmb	rock
shkembe	rocks
shkëmbejmë	exchange
shkëmbenin	they exchanged
shkëmbenjë	exchange
shkëmbes	exchanger
shkëmbesë	exchange
shkembet	rock
shkëmbet	rock
shkembevet	rocks
shkëmbevet	the rocks
shkëmbi	rock
shkëmbim	ExcHAnGE
shkëmbime	EXCHANGE
shkëmbin	rock
shkëmbinë	the rock
shkëmbinj	rock
shkëmbinjtë	cliffs
shkëmbinjve	rocks
shkëmbit	rock
shkëmbyen	exchanged
shkëmbyer	SWAPPED
shkëmbyerë	exchange
shkëmp	rock
shkempt	shkempt
shkëmpt	small
shkencë	science
shkencën	science
shkëndija	spark
shkëndijë	spark
shkëndilë	spark
shkëndilët	sparkles
shkëpuç	tear
shkëpus	tear
shkëpusë	disconnect
shkëpusin	distract
shkëput	disjoint
shkëpute	disconnect
shkëputë	rescue
shkëputej	break away
shkëputen	disconnected
shkëputën	dissociated
shkëputësh	disconnect
shkëputet	DETACHED
shkëputetë	break up
shkëputi	Detach
shkëputin	alienate
shkëputnjë	separation
shkëputunë	disconnected
shkëputur	disconnected
shkëputura	detached
shkërdhehetë	sparkle
shkërdhyerë	stingy
shket	float
shkisnin	slip
shkite	ski
shkitë	the Shiites
shkitësë	shkite
shkitunë	scythe
shko	Go
shkoç	go away
shkofsh	stick
shkofsha	stick
Shkofshinë	Shkofshina
shkoi	DOWN
shkoijn	they went
shkoijnë	they went
shkoimë	we went
shkoishie	go away
shkoishiem	we went
shkoishim	let's go
Shkoishin	They went.
shkoishinë	gone
shkoj	go
shkoja	go
shkoje	go
shkojë	go
shkojem	I go.
shkojëm	let's go
shkojën	go
shkojënë	go there
shkojimë	let's go
shkojin	attend a medical
shkojinë	go
Shkojini	Go to them.
shkojm	Come on
shkojmë	MOVING
shkojn	go
shkojnë	go
shkojsh	go
shkojshinë	go away
shkollë	school
shkollën	school
shkon	GOES
shkonesh	you go
shkoni	GOING
shkonia	let's go
shkonim	go
shkonin	going
shkoninë	go there
shkonj	go
shkonjam	let's go
shkonjç	go away
shkonje	going
shkonjë	go
shkonjënë	go away
shkonte	was going
shkontej	went
shkop	rod
shkopi	Cane
shkopin	staff
shkopinj	chopsticks
shkopinjt	cannons
shkopinjtë	rods
shkopit	Cane
shkopn	stick
shkopt	stick
shkoqë	scatter
shkoqnin	rubbed them
shkoqunë	scoundrel
shkoqur	clearly
shkosh	go
shkova	I went
shkove	you go
shkrehet	it is fired
shkrehur	written
shkrehurë	broken
shkrep	crag
shkrepat	crags
shkrepavet	matches
shkrepën	they shot
shkrepëtijshinë	cliff
shkrepëtima	The lightning
shkrepëtimë	lightning
shkrepëtimën	the lightning
shkrepëtini	matchstick
shkrepi	fired
shkrepin	flint
shkrepit	crag
shkrepn	shoot
shkreptima	The lightning
shkreptimat	lightning
shkrepunë	firecracker
shkresë	motion
shkresën	letter
shkret	RAS
shkreta	Wilderness
shkretatë	desert
shkretë	wilderness
shkretërirën	the desert
shkretës	desolate
shkretësë	desert
shkretëtira	wilderness
shkretëtirat	deserts
shkretëtirave	deserts
shkretëtirë	desert
shkretëtirën	wilderness
shkretëtirënë	the desert
shkretëtirës	wilderness
shkretëtirësë	deserters
shkretëtirët	deserts
shkretëtirëtregon	desertsshow
shkreti	wilderness
shkretie	desolation
shkretim	desolation
shkretime	deserts
shkretimet	desolation
shkretimi	desolation
shkretimin	the desolation
shkretimit	desolation
shkretina	desert
shkretinat	deserts
shkretinë	desolation
shkretinën	the desert
shkretinënë	in the desert
shkretinësë	the desert
shkretinët	deserts
shkretisë	desert
shkretit	wilderness
shkretoftë	may it be deserted
shkretohemi	ruined
shkretohen	desolated
shkretohet	molder
shkretohetë	deserted
shkretoi	deserted
shkretoj	devastate
shkretojënë	desert
shkretojnë	Devastating
shkreton	rages
shkretonenë	wasteland
shkretonetë	slum
shkretonj	deserts
shkretonjë	desert
shkretonjënë	desert
shkretonte	smote
shkretua	ruined
shkretuan	deserted
shkretuanë	deserted
shkretuar	desolated
shkretuara	waste
shkretuarat	deserted
shkretuarë	deserted
shkretuarëje	deserted
shkretuarit	the deserters
shkretuaritë	deserts
shkretue	desert
shkretuem	deserted
shkretuemetë	deserted
shkretuemit	deserters
shkretuenë	deserted
shkretumesë	wasteland
shkri	melted
shkrifshin	melted
Shkrifshinë	Writing
shkrihej	merge
shkrihem	poured out
shkrihen	merge
shkriheni	melted
shkriheshinë	were melting
shkrihet	melt
Shkrihu	dissolved
shkrij	thaw
shkrim	writing
shkrime	Logs
shkrimet	Scriptures
shkrimeve	SCRIPTURE
shkrimi	writing
shkrimin	writing
shkrimit	Scripture
shkrin	melts
shkrinë	melted
shkrinte	melted
shkrirë	melted
shkrirësit	smelters
shkrirëtë	melted
shkririt	melting
shkrish	cast
shkriu	melted
shkrofshin	be written
shkrofshinë	handwriting
shkroi	wrote
shkronja	Fonts
shkronjash	font
shkronjat	the letters
shkronjatë	letters
shkronjave	font
shkronjavet	the Scriptures
shkronje	Font
shkronjë	letter
shkronjën	letter
shkronjënë	the letter
shkronjës	Font
shkronjësë	letter
shkronjësi	letter writer
shkronjësinë	literacy
shkronjësitë	letters
shkronjet	letters
shkronjët	the letters
shkrova	wrote
shkrove	wrote
shkrua	WRITE
shkruaijnë	they write
shkruaj	write
shkruaja	write
shkruaje	write
shkruajë	write
shkruajeni	write
shkruaji	write
shkruajmë	WRITE
shkruajnë	FEEDBACK
shkruajsh	inscribe
shkruam	wrote
shkruan	writes
shkruanë	wrote
shkruani	write
shkruanj	write
shkruanjë	write
shkruanjënë	write one
shkruante	write
shkruar	write
shkruara	Press
shkruarë	written
shkruari	writing
shkruaritë	writings
shkruash	write
shkruat	you wrote
shkrue	Written
shkruei	wrote
shkrueim	we wrote
shkrueimë	write us
shkruej	write
shkruejë	write
shkruem	I wrote
shkrueme	write to me
shkruemesë	writer
shkruen	they write
shkruenë	written
shkrues	scribe
shkruesi	writer
shkruesin	Burner
shkruesit	WRITER
Shkruesitë	Writers
shkruesve	writers
shkruetë	scribe
shkruhej	read
shkruhen	DRAWN
shkruheshin	written
shkruheshinë	were written
shkruheshnë	you are writing
shkruhet	DRAWN
shkruhetë	written
shkruhishnë	writing
Shkruis	Write
shkruisa	I wrote.
Shkruisavet	The writings
shkruisi	wrote
shkruisish	writer
shkruisit	writer
shkruisitë	writings
shkrumb	char
shkrumbimet	the burnings
shkrumbimi	burnt
shkrumbimit	burnt
shkrumbua	rubble
shkrumbues	incinerator
shkrumë	we wrote
shkrunte	wrote
shkuam	we went
shkuan	they went
shkuanë	they went
shkuar	going
shkuara	PAST
shkuarë	past
shkuarën	PAST
shkuarës	past
shkuarët	the past
shkuari	off going
shkuat	did you go
shkuatë	go
shkuem	evidential past
shkuemesë	student
shkuemitë	the ghosts
shkuen	went
shkuenë	gone
shkuetë	go
shkujdesur	carelessly
shkul	skein
shkula	plucked off
shkulç	key
shkule	sheds
shkulë	tear
shkulen	grubbed
shkulën	uprooted
shkulenë	twig
shkulësh	purge
shkulet	skein
shkuletë	wallet
shkuli	pulled out
shkulim	remove the
shkulja	pull
shkuljënë	pluck
shkullosh	dregs
shkulni	Eradicating
shkulte	plucked
shkulu	plucked
shkulunë	twig
shkulur	uprooted
shkulura	uprooted
shkulurë	plucked
shkum	foam
shkuma	foam
shkumë	foam
shkumëzojënë	foaming agent
shkumëzojnë	foaming
shkumojënë	foam
shkumojnë	foam
shkumon	red;
shkumuar	foaming
shkumuarë	foamy
shkumumë	foam
shkunç	shake
shkund	jog
Shkunda	shook
Shkunde	ROCK
shkundë	shake
shkunden	shaking
shkundën	shook
shkundenë	shake
shkundesh	arise out
shkundësh	beat
shkundet	jog
shkundi	shook
shkundim	wipe off
shkundimë	shake
shkundin	shake
shkundinë	shake
shkundjëmë	shake me
shkundnë	shake
shkundni	shake
shkundshin	shake
shkundur	shake
shkundurit	shake
shkunë	gone
shkunt	shake
shkuntnë	shake
shkuntnjën	the shake
shkurajojnë	discourage
shkurajuan	discouraged
shkurorëzimit	divorce
shkurre	SHRUB
shkurreje	bush
shkurren	bush
shkurret	bush
shkurreve	bushes
shkurrëz	bush
shkurrëzat	or plant
shkurrja	bush
shkurrnajë	shrubbery
shkurt	February
shkurta	short
shkurtabiqi	Shorty
shkurtat	quail
Shkurtatë	In short
shkurtën	quail
shkurtënë	short
shkurtër	BRIEF
shkurtërë	short
shkurtëza	quails
shkurtimisht	BRIEFS
shkurtohen	CUT
shkurtoheshin	shortened
shkurtohetë	shortened
shkurtoi	reduced
shkurtojë	trim
shkurtonenë	shorthand
shkurtosh	trim
shkurtove	you shortened
shkurtra	short
shkurtuar	SUMMARY
shkurtuarë	shortened
shkurtuem	shortened
shkurtueme	shortened
shkurtum	short
shkusi	go away
shleftë	bed
shlyej	AWAY
shlyejë	atone
shlyejnë	atone
shlyen	blots
shlyenin	repay
shlyente	atone
shlyer	Atone
shlyerja	Atonement
shlyerje	settlement
shlyerjeje	settlement
shlyerjen	EXPUNGEMENT
shlyerjes	Atonement
shlyesi	propitiation
shlyhej	settled
shlyhen	deleted
shlyhet	atoned
shmang	AVOID
shmanga	I avoided
shmangem	leapfrog
shmangen	avoid
shmangën	avoided
shmangeni	avoid it
shmangesh	AVOIDING
shmangësh	avoid
shmanget	obviate
shmangiet	Departures
shmangin	avoid
shmangni	AVOID
shmangnim	avoided
shmangnin	avoided
shmangu	avoided
shmangur	avoid
Shndërrimi	transformation
shndërrohemi	changed
shndërrohen	turn
shndërrohesh	turned
shndërroheshin	transformed
shndërrohet	turned
shndërroi	turned
shndërroj	transmogrify
shndërrojë	transmogrify
shndërrojnë	turn
shndërron	converts
shndërroni	Convert
shndërrua	turned
shndërruan	turned
shndërruar	turned
shndrisë	shine
shndriste	shone
shndrit	shine
shndritë	shine
shndritën	they shone
shndriti	shone
shndritin	the bright
shndritni	furbish
shndritshëm	bright
shndritshme	bright
Shoas	Shoa
Shobab	Shobab
Shobabi	Shobab
Shobait	Sho'bai
Shobakun	Shobak
Shobal	Shobal
Shobali	Sobal
Shobalit	Sobal
Shobeku	Shobek
Shobi	Shobi
shof	I see
Shofaku	Sho'phach
Shofakun	Sho'phach
Shofanin	Shofanin
shofi	see
shofim	we see
shofimë	see
shofin	shofi
shofinë	the head
shofish	see twice
shofshin	Perish
shofshinë	suffrage
shoftë	blotted out
shogën	baldness
shogësi	companionship
shogësia	baldness
shogët	bald
shoh	SEE
Shohabi	Shobab
Shohami	Shoham
shohç	see
shohë	VIEWING
shohëm	we saw
shohëmë	see you later
shohën	are issued within
shohënë	seen
shohësh	LOOKING
shohëtë	see you
shohim	we see
shohin	view
shohmë	see you later
shohnë	see
shohnjë	see you
shoi	dimmed
shojet	The soles
shojetë	sow
shok	COMPANIONS
shokë	Friendships
shokër	friend
shokët	friends
shokëtë	friends
shokëve	companions
shokëvet	friends
shokn	friend
shoknë	friend
shoku	SHOCK
shokun	friend
shokunë	friends
shokut	FRIEND
shokvet	friends
sholl	sell
sholla	soles
shollë	Aerosols
shollën	soles
shollësë	sole
shollëza	sole
shollëzën	the sole
shollëzënë	sloppy
Shomeri	Shomer
Shomerit	Shomer
shoq	husband
shoqe	husband
shoqeja	friend
shoqen	his wife
shoqenë	friend
shoqëni	accompany
shoqënia	society
shoqënin	companion
shoqënisë	rulers,
shoqënit	friends
shoqënueshim	companionship
shoqëri	society
shoqëria	Friends
shoqërie	company
shoqërim	ACCOMPANIED
shoqërimin	associating
shoqërinë	soCiety
shoqërisë	soCiety
shoqëritë	COMPANIES
shoqëro	associate
shoqërohem	mingle
shoqërohen	accompanied
shoqërohesh	Accompanying
shoqërohet	ACCOMPANIED
shoqëroi	accompanied
shoqërojë	accompany
shoqërojnë	accompany
shoqëroni	associate
shoqëronin	accompanied
shoqëronte	accompanied
shoqërore	public
shoqërosh	associating
shoqëruan	accompanied
shoqëruar	ACCOMPANIED
shoqëruese	ASSOCIATED
shoqes	friend
shoqesë	company
shoqet	friends
shoqët	friends
shoqi	husband
shoqin	husband
shoqinë	society
shoqit	husband
shoqja	friend
short	lot
shorta	lottery
shortarë	soothsayers
shortarët	Mediums
shortarëve	soothsayers
shortari	divination
shortarie	enchantment
shortarin	soothsayer
shortarinë	divination
shortarisë	witchcraft
shortarit	diviner
shorte	Draws
shortë	Shortt
shortën	the lottery
shortënë	the lottery
shortësë	lottery
shortët	Shortt
shortëtar	fortune teller
shortëtarë	fortune tellers
shortëtarët	fortune tellers
shortëtarëtë	fortune tellers
shortëtarevet	fortune tellers
shortëtarin	fortune teller
shorti	lot
shortin	LOT
shosh	AOS
Shoshanim	Shoshanim
Shoshannim	Shoshannim
shoshë	riddle
shoshën	sieve
shoshet	he may
shoshët	sieve
shoshitur	winnow
shoshnjë	sieve
shoshunë	Shoshone
shosjë	bag
shosjënë	to sell
Shova	Shove
shove	shove
shpabesesh	you are not guilty
shpagë	sword
Shpagesa	payback
shpagim	retaliation
shpagime	retaliation
shpagimi	retaliatory
shpagimin	recompense
shpagiminë	the repayment
shpagimit	recompense
shpagimtar	Retribution
shpagoftë	reward
shpagoi	paid off
shpagoj	repay
shpagova	I paid back.
shpaguaj	revenge
shpaguajë	render
shpaguan	recompensing
shpaguanë	they paid
shpaguani	pay back
shpaguanj	payback
shpaguanjë	pay back
shpaguar	recompense
shpagueish	payback
shpaguejsh	payback
shpaguem	payback
shpaguen	they pay off
shpagueni	pay it back
shpagues	retaliatory
shpaguhet	Pays
shpaguhetë	paycheck
Shpagui	Pay back
shpall	announce
shpalla	preached
shpalle	DECLARE
shpallë	DECLARE
shpallej	declared
shpallëm	be published
shpallen	announced
shpallën	ANNOUNCED
shpalleni	Declare
shpallësh	shew
shpallet	FOUND
shpallëtë	announce
shpalli	ANNOUNCES
shpallim	CLAIM
shpallin	announce
shpallja	advertisement
shpallje	proclamation
shpalljen	Ad
Shpallmë	Announce me
shpallni	Declare
shpallnim	revealed
shpallnin	proclaiming
shpallte	declare
shpalltë	announced
shpallu	all revealed
shpalluni	Declare
shpallur	DESIGNATED
shpalos	display
shpalosi	spread
shpalosin	reveal
shpalosur	disclosed
shpartalloi	routed
shpartalloji	smash it
shpartallon	winnows
shpartallova	I destroyed them
shpartalluam	shattered
shpat	slope
shpata	sword
shpatat	swords
shpatatë	swords
shpatave	Saber
shpate	sword
shpatë	sword
shpatën	SWORD
shpatenë	slope
shpatënë	the sword
shpates	sword
shpatës	sword
shpatesë	sword
shpatësë	sword
shpatet	slopes
shpateve	slopes
shpati	slope
shpatin	slope
shpatull	shoulder
shpatulla	shoulder
shpatullat	shoulders
shpatullave	shoulder
shpatullën	shoulder
shpatullënë	the shoulder
shpeit	quickly
shpeita	speed
shpeitë	quickly
shpeitët	the fast ones
shpeiti	quickly
shpeito	hurry up
shpeitojmë	hurry up
shpejt	FAST
shpejta	FAST
shpejtatë	speed
shpejtë	QUICK
shpejtënë	speed
shpejtësi	speed
shpejtët	The swift
shpejtëve	rapid
shpejti	SOON
shpejto	Speeds
shpejtohem	haste
shpejtohen	haste
shpejtohet	accelerated
Shpejtohu	Haste
shpejtoi	haste
shpejtoj	accelerate
shpejtoja	hurry
shpejtojënë	hurry up
shpejtojnë	haste
shpejton	Speeds
shpejtoni	HURRY
shpejtonj	hurry up
shpejtonjë	fast
shpejtonjënë	fast one
shpejtonte	expedite
Shpejtova	hurried
shpejtua	accelerated
shpejtuan	hastened
shpejtuanë	they hurried
shpejtuar	expedited
shpejtuarë	speed up
shpëlahet	rinsed
shpella	Cave
shpellat	caves
shpellavet	caves
shpellë	cave
shpellën	cave
shpellënë	the cave
shpellës	caveman
shpellësë	cave
shpellët	caves
shpend	poultry
shpende	Poultry
shpendë	poultry
shpendësh	poultry
shpendët	birds
shpendëtë	birds
shpendëve	poultry
shpendëvet	birds
shpendi	BIRD
shpënë	leading
shpengim	redemption
shpengimi	redemption
shpengimin	redemption
shpengimit	redemption
shpengimtari	redeemer
shpengo	redeem
shpengohem	shake
shpengohen	redeemed
shpengoheni	redeem yourself
shpengohet	ransomed
shpengohu	thyself
shpengoi	redeemed
shpengoj	redeem
shpengoja	redemption
shpengoje	redeem
shpengojë	redeem
shpengojmë	redeem
shpengomë	redeem me
shpengon	redeems
shpengona	redeem us
shpengoni	redeem
shpengonte	redeem
shpengosh	redeem
shpengove	redeemed
shpengua	redeemed
shpenguan	redeemed
shpenguar	REDEEMED
shpenguara	redeemed
shpenguarit	ransomed
shpenguat	you redeemed
shpengues	redeemer
shpenguesi	Redeemer
shpenzim	EXPENDITURE
shpenzime	outlay
shpenzimet	EXPENCES
shpenzohem	spent
shpenzoi	spent
shpenzoj	expend
shpenzoni	spend
shpenzosh	spending
shpenzuan	spent
shpenzuar	spent
shpër	contempt
shpërbëhem	loathe
shpërbëhet	disintegrate
shpërbërë	dissolved
shpërbetimeve	cursing
shpërble	reward
shpërblefsh	reward
shpërbleftë	reward
shpërblehen	rewarded
shpërbleheni	Repay
shpërblehesh	rewarded
shpërblehet	REWARDED
shpërblehi	reward
shpërblej	requite
shpërblejani	Reward
shpërblejë	reward
Shpërbleji	Repay
shpërblejnë	reward
Shpërblejua	Rewarded
shpërblemë	reward
shpërblemen	reward
shpërblemit	reward
shpërblemitë	rewards
shpërblen	rewards
shpërblenë	reward
shpërblenetë	reward
shpërbleni	requite
shpërblenj	reward
shpërblenjç	reward
shpërblenjë	reward
shpërblerët	you redeemed
shpërblerit	redemption
shpërblesh	recompense
shpërbleu	rewarded
shpërbleva	rewarded
shpërbleve	Reward
shpërbli	reward
shpërblierë	rewarded
shpërblierit	the rewarders
shpërblieritë	rewards
shpërblim	reward
shpërblime	AWARDS
shpërblimet	AWARDS
shpërblimeve	PRIZES
shpërblimi	COMPENSATION
shpërblimin	REWARD
shpërbliminë	the reward
shpërblimit	rEWARD
shpërblimtar	rewarder
shpërblimtari	rewarder
Shpërblimtarit	The award-winners
shpërblimtore	reward
shpërblimtoreja	the reward
shpërblimtorenë	the prize pool
shpërblimtoresë	reward
shpërblin	reward
shpërblyem	we rewarded
shpërblyen	rewarded
shpërblyenë	rewarded
shpërblyer	rewarded
shpërblyerëvet	the winners
shpërblyerit	the winners
shpërblyeritë	rewards
shpërblyerve	rewarded
shpërblyesi	rewarder
shpërblyet	rewarded
shpërblyetë	reward
shpërdafshin	disperse
shpërdahenë	disperse
shpërdai	scattered
shpërdamë	we spread out
shpërdan	disperse
shpërdanë	disseminates
shpërdani	disperse
shpërdante	scattered
shpërdau	dispersed
shpërdava	I scattered
shpërdave	scatter
shpërderim	waste
shpërdoronte	wastefully
shpërdoruar	embezzled
shpëre	break
shpërefshim	let's go
shpërehenë	they break up
shpëreijnë	they are breaking
shpëreimë	we broke
shpërej	break
shpërejë	to break
shpërejënë	in the morning
shpërejëtë	the birds
shpërejinë	the whole world
shpërejmë	we break
shpërejshim	let's go
shpërejshinë	the rain
shpëren	it breaks
shpëreni	send it away
shpëreninë	the end
shpërenj	I am tired.
shpërenjam	let's go
shpërenjç	sunday
shpërenje	dissolution
shpërenjë	to break
shpërenjënë	in the sky
shpërente	it was breaking
shpëres	pierce
shpëresa	scolding
shpëresë	break
shpëresën	they broke
shpëresënë	in the middle
shpëresës	slanderer
shpëresësë	persevere
shpëresët	the speakers
shpëreu	broke
shpëreva	I broke
shpëreve	you broke
shpërfaq	reveals
shpërfaqem	I appear
shpërfaqëme	show off
shpërfaqëmen	appearance
shpërfaqenë	appear
shpërfaqeni	show off
shpërfaqet	Surfaces
shpërfaqetë	surfaces
shpërfaqi	unveiled
shpërfaqinë	appearance
shpërfaqte	appeared
shpërfaqtë	appear
shpërfaqun	appear
shpërfaquna	we appeared
shpërfaqunë	they appeared
shpërfaqunit	to appear
shpërfill	Shrugs
shpërfillë	ignore
shpërfillësh	ignore
shpërfilli	Disregard
shpërfillin	disregarding
shpërfillni	disregarded
shpërfytyrua	transfigured
shpërgaj	disperse
shpërgulunë	they spread out
shpërierë	ghost
shpërkoq	scatter
shpërkoqnë	they are scattered
shpërlamë	we washed
shpërlanjë	wash
shpërnda	Share
shpërndafshin	scattered
shpërndahej	distributed
shpërndahemi	scattered
shpërndahen	disperse
shpërndaheni	scattered
shpërndaheshin	distributed
shpërndahet	dissolved
Shpërndahuni	Disperse
shpërndaj	SHARE
shpërndaja	scatter
shpërndajë	dissolve
shpërndaji	scatter
shpërndajnë	scattering
shpërndamë	distributed
shpërndamit	distribution
shpërndan	DELIVERS
shpërndanë	distributed
shpërndani	distribute
shpërndanin	Distribute
shpërndanjë	distribution
shpërndanjënë	distribution
shpërndante	distributed
shpërndara	distributed
shpërndarë	distributed
shpërndarët	dispersed
shpërndarit	outcasts
shpërndarjen	delivery
shpërndarjes	distribution
shpërndash	distribute
shpërndatë	scattered
shpërndau	SCATTERED
shpërndava	scattered
shpërndave	You shared
shpërnderim	distribution
shpërnderimet	distributions
Shpërnderimi	Distribution
shpërnderimin	distribution
shpërnderiminë	the distribution
shpërnderimit	distribution
shpërnderoi	distributed
shpërnderoin	distribute
shpërnderojë	distribute
shpërnderojën	they distributed
shpërnderojënë	distribute
shpërnderon	distributes
shpërndëron	disperses
shpërnderonej	disperse
shpërnderoni	distribute
shpërnderonjënë	to distribute
shpërnderova	I distributed
shpërnderuem	distributed
shpërnderuen	distributed
shpërnderuenë	distributed
shpërnderuetë	distributed
shpërnderum	disperse
shpërngul	rehouse
shpërngulë	captive
shpërngulën	emigrated
shpërnguli	carried
shpërngulja	EMIGRATION
shpërnguljes	migration
shpërngulmen	relocation
shpërngulmesë	migration
shpërngulur	moved
shpërthe	break
shpërthehej	broken
shpërthejë	break
shpërthejnë	explode
shpërthen	OUTBREAK
shpërtheni	Break
shpërthenin	detonating
shpërtheu	exploded
shpërthim	BLAST
shpërthime	explosions
shpërthimesh	explosions
shpërthyen	erupted
shpërthyer	brewing
shpërvilu	undress
shpëryem	we broke
shpëryemë	we broke
shpëryenë	they broke
shpëryerë	broken
shpëryet	it breaks
shpëryetë	scold
shpërymë	we break
shpes	wildfowl
shpeset	birds
shpesët	wildfowl
shpesh	FREQUENTLY
shpesha	often
shpeshat	often
shpeshë	often
shpeshherë	often
shpeshta	Frequently
shpesi	maybe
shpesin	they hope
shpest	quickly
shpestë	often
shpesve	birds
shpëteish	rescuer
shpëtesa	rescue
shpëtesë	rescue
shpëtesënë	the rescue
shpëtesësë	rescue
shpeti	quickly
shpëtim	rescue
shpëtimet	rescue
shpëtimevet	rescues
shpëtimi	rescue
shpëtimin	SALVATION
shpëtiminë	salvation
shpëtimit	rescue
shpëtimn	rescue
shpëtimnë	salvation
shpëtimt	rescue
shpëtimtar	savior
shpëtimtare	rescue
shpëtimtari	Redeemer
shpëtimtarin	Redeemer
shpëtimtarit	Redeemer
shpëto	save
shpëtoç	rescue
shpëtofsha	save the village
shpëtoftë	may God save you
shpëtohem	saved
shpëtohemi	saved
shpëtohen	saved
shpëtohenë	saved
shpëtoheni	saved
shpëtohesh	saved
shpëtoheshim	we were saved
shpëtoheshin	saved
shpëtoheshinë	were saved
shpëtohet	saved
shpëtohetë	be saved
shpëtohi	save yourself
shpëtoi	saved
shpëtoijnë	they saved
shpëtoimë	we saved
shpëtoj	save
shpëtoja	escape
shpëtoje	save him
shpëtojë	save
shpëtojëm	we saved
shpëtojëmë	save me
shpëtojënë	save them
shpëtojeni	Deliver
shpëtojini	save them
shpëtojmë	save
shpëtojnë	save
shpëtojsh	save
shpëtoma	save
shpëtomë	Save
shpëton	rescues
shpëtona	Save
shpëtoni	save
shpëtonim	save our
shpëtonin	Save
shpëtonit	savior
shpëtonj	save me
shpëtonjç	save me
shpëtonjë	rescue
shpëtonjën	saved
shpëtonjënë	save one
shpëtonjsh	save me
shpëtonte	save
shpëtontej	saved
shpëtosh	RESCUING
shpëtova	saved
shpëtove	saved
shpëtu	survived
shpëtuaka	saved
shpëtuam	saved
shpëtuan	saved
shpëtuanë	they saved
shpëtuar	save
shpëtuarë	save
shpëtuarët	the survivors
shpëtuarish	escape
shpëtuarit	Survivor
shpëtuarve	saved
shpëtuat	escaped
shpëtuatë	saved
shpëtue	rescue the
shpëtuem	we were saved
shpëtuen	saved
shpëtuenë	saved
shpëtues	savior
shpëtueshimi	salvation
shpëtumë	salvation
shpeze	a bird
shpezet	poultry
shpezët	poultry
shpeztë	quickly
shpie	TAKE
shpien	LEAD
shpienë	cause us
shpierë	led
shpiesh	displeasure at your bringing
shpif	slander
shpifarake	slanderers
shpifës	slanderous
shpifëse	slanderous
shpifësit	detractors
shpifin	slander
shpifinë	slander
shpifje	SLANDER
shpifjet	slander
shpifjeve	DEFAMATIONS
shpifnë	slander
shpifta	gossip
shpifur	slanderously
shpifura	slanderous
shpijinë	the house
shpijn	sharpen
shpijnë	lead
shpik	Invents
shpikë	invent
shpikin	invent
shpikur	invented
shpile	Shpilje
shpine	Backpack
shpinën	backs
shpinënë	back
shpinës	backpack
shpinët	backs
shpinëzën	the backpack
shpini	lead
shpirej	led
shpiri	spirit
shpirie	spirit
shpirjani	inspire
shpirt	SOUL
shpirtbutësi	lenience
shpirte	souls
shpirtë	soul
shpirtëna	my soul
shpirtënash	souls
shpirtënat	your souls
shpirtënatë	good night
shpirtënavet	souls
shpirtënie	spirituality
shpirtënisht	spiritually
shpirtënishte	spiritual
shpirtëra	souls
shpirtërat	spirits
shpirtëratë	soulful
shpirtëravet	souls
shpirtëre	soulmate
shpirtëret	souls
shpirtëretë	my soul
shpirtërisht	spiritually
Shpirtërit	Spirits
shpirtëror	ghostly
shpirtërore	CHRISTIAN
shpirtërorë	ghostly
shpirtet	souls
Shpirtetë	Soul
Shpirtevet	Souls
shpirtëvet	the souls
shpirti	SPIRIT
shpirtin	SPIRIT
shpirtinë	souls
shpirtit	SOUL
shpirtligësi	malice
shpirtligësia	affliction
shpirtlirësi	faithfully
shpirtmadh	magnanimous
shpirtmadhësi	magnanimity
shpirtmadhësia	magnanimity
shpirtmadhësinë	mercies
shpirtmadhësisë	humility
shpirtn	the soul
Shpirtnë	Soul
shpirtra	spirits
shpirtrat	SOULS
shpirtratë	souls
shpirtrave	souls
shpirtvogël	turnback
shpjegim	explanation
shpjegime	account
Shpjegimi	Explanation
shpjegimin	INTERPRETATION
shpjego	explain
shpjegohet	explained
shpjegoi	explained
shpjegoj	straighten
shpjegoja	explain
shpjegojë	show
shpjegojmë	explain
shpjegojnë	explain
shpjegon	explains
shpjegoni	explain
shpjegonte	explained
shpjegosh	explain
shpjegova	explained
shpjeguan	explained
shpjeguar	explained
shpjegues	expository
shpjerë	lead
shpo	Strike
shpohen	drilled
shpohet	bristles
shpoi	thrust
shpojë	den
shpojënë	the hole
shpojnë	drill
shpojsh	pierce
shpon	piercings
shponej	drill
shponin	they were drilling
shponjë	brush
shpopullonin	childless
shporret	ousted
Shporru	get lost
Shporruni	Fuck off
shporta	BASKET
shportat	baskets
shportë	basket
shportën	basket
shportënë	the basket
shportës	BASKET
shportët	baskets
shposh	pierced
Shpotisin	Spotted
shpotitëse	witty
shprazëtë	empty
shprazi	back
shprazunë	scum
shpreh	express
shpreheshin	express
shprehet	expresses
shprehimisht	expressly
shprehja	expression
shprehje	EXPRESSION
shprehte	express
shprehu	expressed
shprehur	EXPRESS
shprejt	the expressions
shpresa	hope
shpresat	hopes
shpresave	expectations
shprese	hope
shpresë	hope
shpresëja	hope
shpresën	hope
shpresënë	hope
shpresës	hope
shpreso	hopes
shpresohen	hoped
shpresoi	hoped
shpresoj	HOPE
shpresojë	hope
shpresojmë	we hope
shpresojnë	they hope
shpreson	hopes
shpresoni	hope
shpresonim	hoped
shpresonin	hoped
shpresonte	hoped
shpresuam	hoped
shpresuan	they hoped
shpresuar	hoped
shpronësosh	dispossess
shpronësuan	expropriated
shpronësuar	EXPROPRIATED
shprovime	trials
shprovo	try
shprovohet	tested
shprovohi	prove
shprovoi	tried
shprovon	proves
shprovonet	is being tested
shprovonetë	test
shprovova	I tried
shprovove	you tried
shprovueme	tested
shprovuenë	tested
shpu	WUA
shpuan	pierced
shpuanë	they drilled
shpuar	drilled
shpuarë	pierced
shpuem	we drilled
shpuenë	they were beaten
shpullë	slap
shpumë	We took her
shpun	WUA
shpunë	led
shpura	retinue
shpurë	retinue
shpurën	retinue
shpuri	brought
shputën	soles
shputësë	foot
shpuzë	sponge
shpuzën	burning coals
shpyllëzosh	deforest
shqelm	kick
shqelmë	kick
shqelmin	kicked out
shqelmuanë	kick
shqembe	stone
shqembesh	stone
shqembet	gourd
shqembevet	stones
shqepë	abalone
shqepin	they are hungry
shqerash	sugar
Shqeratë	Army
shqeravet	the sands
shqerra	heifer
shqerrash	sugarcane
shqerrat	the sand
shqerratë	gravel
shqerravet	the sands
shqerrë	heifer
shqerrimë	tear
shqesinë	the sensitivity
shqetësim	concern
shqetësime	worries
shqetësimesh	worries
shqetësimet	concern
shqetësimi	DISTRESS
shqetësimin	the concern
shqetësimit	distress
shqetëso	worry
shqetësohej	worried
shqetësohem	worry
shqetësohen	worry
shqetësoheni	worry
shqetësohesh	worry
shqetësohet	worries
shqetësojë	bother
shqetësojnë	Upsets
shqetëson	Disturbing
shqetësoni	worry
shqetësonin	bother
shqetësove	disquieted
shqetësua	upset
shqetësuan	worried
shqetësuar	WORRIED
shqeto	worry
shqeu	rent
shqie	sense
shqieijnë	tear
shqierë	knowledge
shqierrë	tear
shqipe	English
shqipej	Albanian
shqipeja	Albanian
shqipesë	Albanian
shqipetë	Albanian
shqiponja	eagle
shqiponjat	eagles
shqiponjatë	eagle
shqiponjave	EAGLES
shqiponjavet	eagles
shqiponje	eagle
shqiponjë	Eagles
shqiponjën	EAGLE
shqiponjës	EAGLE
shqiponjësë	eagle
shqiptimi	RENDERING
shqipto	Pronounce
shqiptoi	He spoke
shqiptoj	pronounce
shqiptojë	pronounce
shqiptojnë	pronounce
shqipton	pronounces
shqiptoni	pronounce
shqiptonte	pronounce
shqiptosh	pronouncing
shqiptova	pronounced
shqiptove	spoken
shqiptua	imposed
shqiptuan	pronounced
shqiptuar	imposed
shqiptuari	speaking
shqisat	senses
shqise	the senses
shqisë	sense
shqisën	sense
shqisore	sensory
shqisorë	senses
shqite	split
shqitë	intelligence
shqitej	deeply engraved
shqitësë	sense
shqitnë	east
shqitunë	ass
shqornë	white
shquajmë	discern
shquajnë	underscore
shquajsh	excel
Shquamëni	Shquameni
shquan	distinguished
shquanj	famous
shquanjë	sign
shquanjënë	sign
shquar	DISTINGUISHED
shquara	DISTINGUISHED
shquarë	prominent
shquari	uppermost
shquarit	distinguished
shqufur	sulfur
shqufuri	sulfur
shqufurit	sulfur
shqufurtë	sulfur
shquhej	excelled
shquhemi	excel
shquhet	Marked
shquhetë	famous
shqy	escutcheon
shqye	rent
shqyeishim	tearing
shqyeishinë	tear
shqyej	rip
shqyeje	rend
shqyejë	tear
shqyejnë	tearing
shqyem	tear
shqyeme	tear
shqyen	rends
shqyenë	tear
shqyeni	tear
shqyenin	gouging
shqyente	rip
shqyer	torn
shqyera	torn
shqyerë	tear
shqyerja	tear
shqyhei	tear
shqyhej	rend
shqyhen	tear
shqyhenë	tear
shqyhet	tear
shqyhetë	tear
shqym	review
shqyme	tear
shqyrtar	bearer
shqyrtim	hearing
shqyrto	CONSIDER
shqyrtohet	EXAMINE
shqyrtoi	examined
Shqyrtoje	review
shqyrtojë	EXAMINE
Shqyrtojeni	Consider
shqyrtojmë	CONSIDERING
shqyrtojnë	review
Shqyrtomë	Examine me.
shqyrton	EXAMINES
shqyrtoni	CONSIDER
shqyrtonim	discerned
shqyrtonin	Consider
shqyrtonte	review
shqyrtova	I looked
shqyrtuar	REVIEW
shqyt	escutcheon
shqyta	shields
shqytar	esquire
shqytarë	climber
shqytari	shield
shqytarit	chariot
shqytë	tear
shqytën	they tore
Shqyth	Review
shqytin	shield
sht	OU
shtalka	doorpost
shtalkat	doorposts
shtalkave	doorposts
shtalkës	doorpost
shtamb	pitcher
shtamba	pitcher
shtambat	jars
shtambatë	pitcher
shtambë	pitcher
shtambën	pitcher
shtanga	Drill
shtangën	dull
shtangur	dumbfounded
shtas	add
shtasë	additional
shtasën	they added
shtasët	the sevens
shtasëtë	eight
shtasëvet	accessories
shtat	stature
shtata	seventh
shtate	seventh
shtatë	seven
shtatedhetë	seventy
shtatëdhiet	seven goats
shtatëdhietë	seventeen
shtatëdhjet	seventy
shtatëdhjetë	seventy
shtatëdhjetedyve	seventy-two
shtatëdhjetët	seventy
shtatëditëshe	The seven-day
shtatëfish	sevenfold
shtatëfishin	sevenfold
shtatëmbëdhietë	seventeenth
shtatëmbëdhietënë	seventeenth
shtatëmbëdhjetë	seventeen
shtatëmbëdhjetëtë	seventeenth
shtatëmbëdhjetëvjeçare	seventeen years old
shtatëmbëdhjeti	seventeenth
shtatëmijë	seven thousand
shtatën	seventh
shtatënë	the seventh
shtatëqind	SEVEN hundreds
shtatësh	septenary
shtatët	seven
shtatëta	seventh
shtatëtë	the seventh
shtatëve	seven
shtatëvjeçar	septennial
shtatgjatësinë	height of his stature
shtati	seventh
shtatin	seventh
shtatinë	seventh
shtatit	seventh
shtatlartë	tall
shtatn	seven
shtator	September
shtatores	statue
shtatoret	Statues
shtattë	seven
shtatti	seventh
shtatzëna	PREGNANT
shtatzënë	pregnant
shtazarakë	bestial
shtaze	animal
shtazë	animal
shtazësh	beasts
shtazët	cuddly
shtazëtë	animals
shtazëvet	animals
shtazore	ANIMAL
shteg	path
shtegjet	Pathways
shtegtar	MIGRANT
shtegtarë	migratory
shtegtarëve	Traveler
shtegtimesh	pilgrimage
shtegtimin	pilgrimage
shtegtimit	pilgrimage
shtegu	ROUTE
shtegun	PATH
shtegut	path
shtëllunga	columns
shtëmang	scum
shtëmanga	conversation
shtëmangei	straggler
shtëmangi	scumbag
shtëmba	house
shtëmbë	palm
shtëmbën	the house
shtëmbënë	the house
shtëmëgçë	housewife
shtëmëng	silence
shtëmëngej	good morning
shtëmëngurë	stubborn
shtëna	SHOOTING
shtënë	shot
shtëpi	HOUSES
shtëpī	house
shtëpia	HOUSE
Shtëpiae	Home
shtëpiake	domestic
shtëpiakë	household
shtëpiare	housewife
shtëpiarët	household
shtëpiat	house
shtëpiavet	housewives
shtëpie	HOUSE
shtëpiet	houses
shtëpija	the house
shtëpin	house
shtëpinë	house
shtëpira	housing
shtëpis	house
shtëpisë	HOUSE
shtëpit	houses
shtëpitë	homes
shtëpive	houses
shtëpivet	houses
shtëpiza	Houses
shtëpizat	huts
shter	exhaust
shterç	waste
shtere	exhaust
shterë	exhausted
shteren	exhausted
shterenë	exhaust
shterët	exhaust
shteretë	exhausted
shtërgut	stork
shteri	exhausted
shternë	exhaust
shterni	exhaust
shteroi	dried
shterojë	dry
shterojnë	exhaust
shteron	drains
shterp	effete
shterpa	barren
shterpat	barren
shterpatë	barren
shterpë	effete
shtërpenj	house
shtërpënj	house
shterpësë	barren
shterpësi	infertility
shterpëzuar	shut down
shtërpi	reptile
shtërpij	cripple
shtërpijt	I am a widow.
shtërpinj	house
shtërpinjsh	housewife
shtërpinjt	houseplants
shtërpinjtë	the homeless
shtërpinjvet	the houses
shtërpiri	homelessness
shtërpoi	crippled
shtërponjënë	housewife
shteruar	exhausted
shterunë	empty
shterur	exhausting
shterura	exhaustive
shtesë	extra
shtetet	UNITED
shtetin	COUNTRY
shtetit	the state
shtëze	animal
shtëzë	animal
shtëzet	animals
shtëzët	animals
shtëzëtë	animals
shtëzëvet	animals
shthure	promiscuous
shthureni	corruptly
shthuret	unravel
shthurja	UNBUNDLING
shthurje	undoing
shthurjeje	riot
shthurjen	unbundling
shthurjes	debauchery
shthurjet	depravity
shthurur	libertine
shthurura	licentious
shti	STI
shtie	put
shtieç	hammer
shtiellëje	wind
shtiem	Let us take possession
shtiemë	we are
shtien	prevail
shtienë	shot
shtier	stretch
shtierë	fart
shtieri	the truth
shtiesh	possess
shtigje	trails
shtigjet	ROUTES
shtigjeve	paths
shtihen	falsifiers
shtiheshinë	they were being shot
shtihet	pour
shtihetë	path
shtij	Shes
shtije	Shes
shtijenë	throw
shtijëza	spear
shtijëzat	spears
shtijëzatë	spearmen
shtijëzë	spear
shtijëzënë	spear
shtijezorë	fans
shtijnë	firing
shtijshinë	the enemy
shtijti	he/she/it
shtijturë	fake
shtim	GAIN
shtime	additions
shtimë	Shtime
shtimit	GROWTH
shtinë	He captured
shtini	dispossess
shtinin	shooting
shtinte	shooting
shtip	STIP
shtipëjnë	they squeeze
shtipurë	naughty
shtir	pretended
shtiracakë	Counterfeit
shtirë	affectation
shtirenë	pretense
shtireshin	dissembled
shtiret	affectation
shtiretë	fake
shtirëtë	fake
shtiri	stretch
shtirie	pretense
shtirje	affectation
shtirur	ostensible
shtitë	arrows
shtiu	shot
shtiva	I shot
shtive	conceived
shtiza	archers
shtizat	spears
shtizë	spear
shtizëmbajtës	spearmen
shtizën	spear
shtizënë	spear
shtizës	Javelin
shtjellimin	elaboration
shtjelloi	elaborated
shtjellonte	expounded
shtjellova	communicated
shtjelluan	explained
shtjelluar	elaborated
shtjer	bringeth
shtjera	fake
shtjerat	the animals
shtjere	Put
shtjerë	bringeth
shtjereni	stretch
shtjeri	lay
shto	Submit
shtofshi	fabric
shtofshin	bring forth
shtoft	SHTOF
shtoftë	magnified
shtohei	added
shtohej	added
shtohemi	abound
shtohen	Grow
shtohenë	are added
shtoheshin	added
shtoheshinë	were increasing
shtohet	added
shtohetë	added
shtohi	add
shtohu	add
shtoi	He added
shtoj	refill
shtoja	add
shtojë	increase
shtojënë	add it
Shtoji	Add to
Shtojini	Put
shtojnë	increase
shtojsh	add
Shtoju	Add
shton	Spreads
Shtona	Add
shtoneç	Saturday
shtonei	added
shtonej	add
shtonejnë	add
shtonenë	Saturday
shtoneshin	were added
shtoneshinë	Saturday
shtonet	Saturday
shtonetë	Saturday
shtoni	add
shtonishnë	additional
shtonj	add
shtonjç	Saturday
shtonjë	Saturday
shtonjënë	Saturday
shtonte	increase
shtosh	adding
shtova	I added
shtove	You added
shtranë	bed
shtrat	BED
shtrate	beds
shtratëna	bed
shtratënash	bedspread
shtratet	beds
shtratevet	beds
shtrati	bed
shtratin	Bedrock
shtratinë	the bed
shtratit	bedside
shtratnat	beds
shtratnë	in bed
Shtratthin	The bed
shtratthinë	bed
shtrëgimevet	the austerities
shtrëguanë	they were tired
shtrehe	bed
shtreitë	beds
shtrejt	bed
shtrëjt	beds
shtrejta	and expensive
shtrejtë	costly
shtrëjtë	expensive
shtrembënë	crooked
shtrembëni	distort
shtrembënia	distortion
shtrembënie	distortion
shtrembëninë	distortion
shtrembënisë	distortion
shtrembënojënë	distort
shtrembënove	crooked
shtrembër	awry
shtrembëra	awry
shtrëmbëra	oppressions
shtrëmbërë	distorted
shtrëmbërënë	distorted
shtrëmbërësë	distorters
shtrëmbëret	distorts
shtrembërëtë	crooked
shtrëmbëri	distortion
shtrembëria	distortion
shtrëmbëria	distortion
shtrembërimi	distortion
shtrembërin	they distort
shtrëmbërinë	the distortion
shtrembërit	crooked
shtrëmbërit	crooked
shtrëmbëritë	distortions
shtrembërohem	pained
shtrembërohet	distorts
shtrembërojë	distort
shtrembërojmë	distort
shtrembërojnë	Warp
shtrembëron	distorts
shtrëmbëron	aside
shtrembëroni	twist
shtrembëronjënë	crooked
shtrëmbëronjënë	distorted
shtrëmbërove	you distorted
shtrëmbëruan	distorted the
shtrembëruar	Corrupted
shtrëmbëruar	twisted
shtrembët	Bendy
shtrembëta	crooked
shtrëmbëta	crooked
shtrembëtat	the crooked ones
shtrembëtatë	crooked
shtrembëte	crooked
shtrembëtë	crooked
shtrëmbëtë	crooked
shtrembëtën	they crooked
shtrembëtënë	crooked
shtrembëtësë	distortion
shtrëmbëtësë	crookedness
shtrembëtët	crooked
shtrembëtëve	crooked
shtrembëtëvet	crooked ones
shtrembëti	crookedness
shtrembëtinë	the distortion
shtrembëtit	crooked
shtrembëtitë	distortions
shtrembëvet	crooked
shtrëmbojënë	distort
shtrembra	distorted
shtrëmbuarë	distorted
shtrëmburë	distorted
shtremptatë	crooked
shtrëngata	storm
shtrëngatat	thunderstorms
shtrëngatatë	stormy
shtrëngatavet	thunderstorms
shtrëngate	storm
shtrëngatë	storm
shtrëngatën	Tribulation
shtrëngatënë	the storm
shtrëngatës	wind
shtrëngatësë	thunderstorm
shtrëngatësi	austerity
shtrëngatët	thunderstorms
shtrëngesë	trammel
shtrëngesës	Tribulation
shtrëngim	TRIBULATION
shtrëngime	restrictions
shtrëngimesh	Tribulations
shtrëngimet	constriction
shtrëngimetë	the tribulations
shtrëngimevet	the tribulations
shtrëngimi	shaking
shtrëngimin	the squeeze
shtrëngiminë	the constraint
shtrëngimit	coercion
shtrëngimn	constraint
shtrëngimnë	oppression
shtrëngimt	oppression
shtrëngimtarë	oppressors
shtrëngimtarët	the oppressors
shtrëngimtarëtë	the oppressors
shtrëngimtarinë	coercion
shtrëngo	clinging to
shtrëngofshi	squeeze
shtrëngohei	tighten
Shtrëngohej	constrained
shtrëngohem	hook
shtrëngohemi	We squeeze
shtrëngohen	tightened
shtrëngoheni	distressed
shtrëngoheshim	we were hugging
shtrëngohi	tighten
shtrëngoi	Clench
shtrëngoijn	tighten
shtrëngoijnë	tighten
shtrëngojë	ratchet
shtrëngojënë	tighten
shtrëngojinë	the austerity
shtrëngojmë	drive
shtrëngojn	buckle
shtrëngojnë	shake
shtrëngojsh	tighten
shtrëngon	shakes
shtrëngonej	squeeze
Shtrëngonem	I am stressed.
shtrëngonenë	tighten
shtrëngonesh	to tighten
shtrëngonetë	straitjacket
shtrëngoni	overtighten
shtrëngonin	shake
shtrëngoninë	tightness
shtrëngonishnë	tight-lipped
shtrëngonj	clasps
shtrëngonjç	clamp
shtrëngonjë	clasp
shtrëngonjën	the clasp
shtrëngonjënë	the clasp
shtrëngonte	shake
Shtrëngou	Tightened
shtrëngova	clenched
shtrëngove	you tightened
shtrëngua	thrust
shtrënguaçë	clamp
shtrënguam	shook
shtrënguan	they tightened
shtrënguanë	they tightened
shtrënguar	tightly
shtrënguara	tightened
shtrënguarë	tight
shtrënguarët	the oppressed
shtrënguarëtë	tight-knit
shtrënguari	tightening
shtrënguarit	coerced
shtrënguat	compelled
shtrënguatë	tight
shtrëngue	tighten
shtrënguem	tightness
shtrënguen	tighten
shtrënguenë	tighten
shtrëngueshë	tightrope walk
shtrëngueshim	constraint
shtrëngueshimes	coercive
shtrëngueshmitë	constraints
shtrënguetë	tight
shtrëngut	the clasp
shtrëngutë	tight
shtrëngutit	the tighteners
shtrenjta	PRECIOUS
shtrenjtë	dear
shtrënjtë	costly
shtrënjti	expensive
shtresa	layer
shtresat	coating
shtresatë	layers
shtresë	coating
shtresën	layer
shtresënë	the layer
shtresës	layer
shtresësë	layer
shtretër	beds
shtretërish	beds
shtretërit	the beds
shtretërve	beds
shtretet	beds
shtretra	beds
shtri	Stretch
shtridhjënë	stretch
shtridhni	stretch
shtriganët	sorcerers
shtrigën	witch
shtrigërinë	witchcraft
shtrihej	stretched
shtrihem	lie
shtrihemi	lie
shtrihen	lie
shtrihenë	lie down
shtriheni	lie
shtrihesh	spread
shtriheshin	stretched
shtrihet	LIES
shtrihetë	spread out
shtrihu	Bow
shtrij	spread
shtrija	forth
shtrije	extension
shtrijë	extend
shtrijënë	stretch
shtrijnë	extend
shtrijshem	extensible
shtrijshim	let's stretch
shtrijtin	they stretched
shtrijturë	stretched out
shtrim	paving
shtrimë	laid
shtrin	Stretch
shtrina	bed
shtrinë	spread
shtrini	Spread
shtrinim	we extend a
shtrinin	spread
shtrinjç	stretch
shtrinte	stretched
shtrira	Lying
shtrirë	lying
shtriretë	bedspread
shtrirja	extension
shtrirje	extension
shtrirjen	EXTENT
shtrish	stretch
shtritë	stretch out
Shtriti	Bed
shtriturë	lying down
shtriu	stretched
shtriva	I stretched out
shtrive	stretched
shtro	Gaze into
shtrofkat	caves
shtrohej	recline
shtrohemi	sit
shtrohen	raised
shtrohet	The question
shtroi	hosted
shtroijnë	they lay
shtroj	dine
shtroja	The litter
shtroje	Admit
shtrojë	seat
shtrojen	bed
shtrojën	mat
shtrojeni	Set
shtrojës	placemat
shtrojinë	the table
shtrojmë	ask
shtrojnë	ask
shtrojshinë	bedding
shtrokulla	bed
shtron	raises
shtroni	ASK
shtronin	spread
shtronj	seats
shtronjë	seat
shtronjënë	seat
shtronte	spread
shtrosh	Balli
shtrove	I raised
shtrua	admitted
shtruan	raised
shtruar	ADMITTED
shtruara	asked
shtruarë	paved
shtruem	paved
shtruenë	paved
shtrumë	goitre
shtrunë	bed
shtrydh	squeeze
shtrydha	pressed
shtrydhë	squeeze
shtrydhësi	juicer
shtrydhi	pressing
shtrydhin	tread
shtrydhni	squeeze
shtrydhnin	treading
shtrydhte	crushing
shtrydhunë	squeezed
shtrydhur	EXPRESSED
shtrythnë	squeeze
shtrythnjënë	suffocation
shtua	added
shtuan	added
shtuanë	they added
shtuar	added
shtuara	added
shtuarë	added
shtuarët	the additions
shtue	annexed
shtuem	added
shtuenë	added
shtumë	Saturday
shtuna	Saturday
shtunash	Saturday
shtunat	Saturdays
shtunave	Saturday
shtune	Saturday
shtunë	Saturday
shtunën	Saturday
shtunës	SATURDAY
shtupe	tow
shtupë	washcloth
shturenë	mouse
shturi	tired
shty	Snooze
shtyhej	postponed
shtyhen	postponed
shtyhenë	are postponed
shtyheshin	postponed
shtyhet	postponed
shtyhetë	postponed
shtyj	shove
shtyjë	PROMPT
shtyjinë	the push
shtyjmë	push
shtyjnë	URGE
shtylla	columns
shtyllash	caulked
shtyllat	columns
shtyllatë	pillar
shtyllave	columns
shtyllavet	pillars
shtylle	column
shtyllë	a pillar
shtyllën	PILLAR
shtyllënë	the pillar
shtyllës	column
shtym	push
shtymë	we pushed
shtyn	Presses
shtynë	postponed
shtyni	push
shtynin	push
shtynjënë	push
shtynte	push
shtyp	press
shtypa	winepress
shtype	press
shtypë	afflict
shtypec	oppressor
shtypej	crushed
shtypëm	print
shtypen	Silenced
shtypën	oppressed
shtypës	suppressor
shtypësh	press
shtypësi	the oppressor
shtypësin	the oppressor
shtypësinë	oppression
shtypësit	the oppressor
shtypësve	oppressors
shtypet	printed
shtypi	THE PRESS
shtypin	press
shtypish	oppressor
shtypja	PRINTING
shtypje	PRINTING
shtypjen	PRINTING
shtypjes	PRINTING
shtypjeve	repressions
shtypni	CLICK
shtypnin	afflict
shtypsh	print
shtypte	crush
shtypunë	oppressed
shtypur	pressing
shtypura	print
shtypurë	printed
shtypuri	oppressed
shtypurin	oppressed
shtypurit	oppressed
shtypurve	oppressed
shtyra	deferred
shtyre	postponed
shtyrë	DEFERRED
shtyri	pushed
shtysa	impetus
shtytje	push
shtyturë	pushed
shtyu	Seek
shua	extinguished
Shuah	Shuah
Shuahin	Shuah
Shuahu	Suhite
Shuahun	Shu'ah
Shuahunë	Shuahun
Shuahut	Shuahut
shuaj	wipe off
shuajë	quench
shuajmë	quenching
shuajnë	extinguish
shuajsh	extinguish
Shuajtinë	The fire
Shual	Shaul
Shuali	Shual
Shualin	Shualin
Shualit	Shual
shuan	extinguished
shuanë	extinguished
shuani	quench
shuanj	extinguish
shuanjam	we are dying
shuanjç	fire
shuanjë	extinction
shuanjënë	extinction
shuante	extinguished
shuar	Extinction
shuarë	extinguished
Shuas	Shua
shuash	extinguish
Shubaeli	Shubael
Shubaelit	Shubael
shubehe	shubhehe
shubehé	shubehé
shubehera	shubehera
shuei	Schweisguth
shueimë	we are tired
shuej	fade away
shuejënë	extinguished
shuem	I am exhausted.
shuenë	gone
shueni	turn it off
Shufami	Shupham
shufamitëve	Shuphamites
shufër	rod
shufra	ROD
shufrash	Rod
shufrat	bars
shufrave	bars
shufre	rod
shufrë	rod
shufrën	WAND
shugjetat	the suggets
shugjetë	scolding
shugurimin	ordination
shugurosh	consecrate
shugurova	ordained
shuguruar	ordained
Shuhami	Shuham
shuhamitëve	Shuhamites
shuhej	was fading
shuhen	extinguished
shuhenë	extinguished
shuheni	perish
shuhesh	extinguished
shuhet	fades away
shuhetë	disappear
shuhi	shushi
shul	fastener
shula	bars
Shulahut	Shuhah
Shulamite	Shulammite
Shulamitja	Shulamite
shulat	latches
shule	bars
shulet	shutters
shuletë	the latch
shulevet	latches
shuli	zipper
shulin	pin
shum	A Very
shuma	AMOUNT
shumatë	Amounts
shumë	LOT
shumëfarshëm	manifold
shumëfish	multiple
shumëfishoi	multiplied
shumëfishtë	manifold
shumëkujt	to many
shumëllojshme	Bundled
shumën	AMOUNT
shumënë	the amount
shumëngjyrëshe	colorful
shumësë	amount
shumësisë	Plurality
shumët	very many
shumëta	multitude
shumëtë	the many
shumëtët	plural
shumëtit	multitude
shumëtitë	many
shumëtrajtshme	manifold
shumëve	plural
shumëvet	plurals
shumëzo	multiply
shumëzoftë	may it multiply
shumëzohen	multiply
shumëzoheni	multiply
shumëzohesh	multiply
shumëzohuni	multiply
shumëzoi	fruitful
shumëzoj	multiply
shumëzojë	multiply
shumëzon	multiplies
shumëzoni	multiply
shumëzonte	multiply
shumëzova	I multiplied.
shumëzove	multiply
shumëzuan	multiplied
shumëzuar	multiplying
shumic	Most
shumica	MOST
shumicat	majorities
shumice	LARGE
shumicë	MAJORITY
shumicën	most
shumicënë	the majority
shumicës	MAJORITY
shumicësë	majority
shumicët	the majority
shumit	Shum
shumo	Shumon
shumofsh	many
shumofshi	many times
shumofshinë	large family
shumoftë	may it multiply
shumohei	multiplied
shumohej	multiply
shumohen	multiply
shumohenë	multiply
shumoheni	multiplied
shumoheshin	multiply
shumoheshinë	were multiplying
shumohet	multiply
shumohetë	multiply
shumohi	multiply
shumohu	multiply
shumohuni	multiply
shumoi	multiplied
shumoj	propagate
shumojë	multiply
shumon	increaseth
shumonenë	many times
shumonesh	you are many
shumoneshin	they were many
shumoneshinë	pluralism
shumonet	many
shumonetë	many coins
shumoni	multiply
shumonj	many
shumonjë	many
shumonte	enlarge
shumova	him many
shumove	many
shumta	MANY
shumtë	many
shumtën	most
shumtët	numerous
shumtëve	the many
shumtiminë	multiplication
shumtin	most
shumtit	being many
shumtueme	multiply
shumtuemetë	multiply
shumtutë	many
shumua	multiplied
shumuan	multiplied
shumuanë	they multiply
shumuar	propagated
shumuarë	multiplied
shumue	multiplied
shumuem	multiplied
shumuen	multiply
shumuenë	multiplied
shunamite	Shunammite
shunamiten	Shu'nammite
shunamitja	Shunammite
Shunem	Shunem
shungullimën	noise
shungullojë	to scold
shungullojnë	bitter to
Shuni	Shun
shunitëve	Shunites
Shupimi	Shuppites
Shupimin	Shuppim
Shupimit	Shuppim
shuplaka	licking
shuplakë	slap
Shur	Shur
shurdh	deaf
shurdha	deaf
shurdhatë	deaf
shurdhe	deaf
shurdhë	deaf
shurdhër	DEAF
shurdhërë	deaf
shurdhëritë	deaf
shurdhët	the deaf
shurdhëtë	deaf
shurdhëve	Deafness
shurdhi	deaf
shurdhmemec	deaf-mute
shurdhmemeci	deaf and
shurdhrin	deaf
shurdhrit	deaf
shurdhuashë	deaf-mute
shurdhuese	deafening
shurdhurë	deaf
shurdhurënë	deaf
shurdhuret	deaf
shurdhurinë	deafness
shurdhuritë	deafness
Shuri	Shuri
Shurit	Shur
shurrën	piss
shurth	deaf
Shushan	Shushan
shushankitët	Shushanchites
shushaten	confounded
shushatjen	astonishment
shushatur	Thunderstruck
Shushunja	The leech
shushuritje	gritting
Shuthekahu	Shut up
shuthelahitëve	Shuthelahites
Shuthelahu	Shuthelah
Shuthelahut	Shuthelah
shveshurit	in-laws
si	HOW
Siahas	Siaha
Sias	Sias
Sibekai	Elhanan
Sibmahësë	Sibmahes
Sibmahu	Sibmah
Sibmahun	Shibmah
Sibmahut	Sibmah
Sibraimi	Sibraim
siç	AS
sicili	Sicily
sicilido	Sicily
Sicilisë	Sicily
sicilitdo	to everyone
Sidhdhimit	Siddhimit
Sidhona	Sidon
Sidhonë	Sidon
Sidhonësë	Sidon
Sidhoni	Sidon
Sidhoniot	Sidonians
Sidimit	woodland
sido	anyway
sidomos	ESPECIALLY
Sidon	howsoever
sidonasit	Zidonian
Sidonasitë	The Sidonians
Sidonë	Sidonia
Sidonës	Sidon
Sidonësë	Sidon
sidonët	Sido'nians
sidonëve	Sidonians
Sidoni	Sidon
Sidonidhe	Sidonides
Sidoniishin	Sidonians
Sidonin	Sidon
Sidoninuk	Sidoninuk
Sidonit	Sidon
sidonite	Sidonian
sidonitët	Sidonians
sidonitëve	Sidonians
sidoqoftë	nevertheless
Sieir	Sir
siell	Siella
siellçinë	Sielčina
siellë	soul
siellënë	soul
sielli	life
siellinë	the world
siellshin	come and see
siellunë	soul
Sifmothit	Arara
Sigor	Insurance
Sigora	Insurance
sigurë	Safety
sigurepsjëmë	for sure
siguri	SECURITY
siguria	SAFETY
sigurimi	SECURING
sigurimin	safety
sigurin	safety
sigurisë	SecurIty
sigurisht	Of course
siguro	Secure
sigurohet	PROVIDED
sigurohuni	BE SURE
siguroi	Ensure
siguroj	assure
siguroja	reassure
siguroje	PROVIDE
sigurojë	ENSURE
sigurojini	Reassure
sigurojmë	secure
sigurojnë	PROVIDING
siguromë	I assure you
siguron	PROVIDES
siguroni	Secure
siguronia	security
siguronte	secure
sigurosh	reassure
sigurt	SAFE
sigurta	sAFE
sigurtë	secure
sigurua	provided
siguruan	provided
siguruar	PROVIDED
siguruenë	insured
Sihar	Sychar
sihariqi	good news
Siharit	Sychar
Sihem	Sihem
Sihemit	Shechem
Sihon	Sihon
Sihonë	Sihon
Sihoni	Sihon
Sihonin	Sichon
Sihonit	Sihon
Sihorit	Sihorit
sij	like
sikël	shekel
Sikem	Shechem
Sikemi	Shechem
Sikemin	Shechem
Sikemit	Shechem
sikemitëve	Shechem
sikera	sicaria
sikla	shekels
siklash	shekels
siklat	pieces
siklave	shekel
sikli	shekel
siklin	shekel great
siklit	shekel
sikundër	Like
sikundr	as if
sikundrë	on the contrary
sikur	LIKE
sikure	phases as well
sikurë	like
sikurse	LIKE
sikush	someone
Sikuthin	Sikkuth
Sila	Silas
Silas	Silas
Silën	Silas
Silenë	Silent
Silënë	Silena
Silës	Silas
Silësë	Quality
sill	bring
Silla	Behavior
Sillaha	Weapons
Sillahë	Weapons
sille	Bring
sillej	behave
sillem	comport
sillemi	behave
sillen	Behave
sillenë	behave
Sillënë	Behavior
silleni	Treat
Sillësë	Behavior
sillesh	DO
Silleshe	wouldst deal
silleshim	behave
silleshin	brought
silleshinë	behavior
sillet	ACT
silletë	behavior
silli	Bring
sillini	Bring
sillja	Sill
sillma	bring it
Sillmani	Bring
Sillmë	Bring me
sillmëni	Bring
sillni	BRING
sillnin	brought
Silloam	Siloam
Silloamit	Siloam
silloi	brought
silloia	I felt
silloiçë	silos
silloiçim	imitation
silloinë	the sea
silloira	siloira
sillois	silhouette
silloisa	like that
silloisej	pretended
silloisem	I pretended to be
silloisemi	we pretend
silloisenë	they were like
silloiseshë	like a donkey
silloisetë	silois
silloisi	pretended
silloisishnë	like that
silloisjë	like this
silloisjëmë	let's pretend
silloisjënë	likeness
silloisjëtë	such things
silloism	syllogism
silloisnë	likeness
silloisni	imitate
silloisnie	character
silloistë	Siloists
silloisu	silloisu
silloisurë	disguised
silloit	siloit
silloitë	silos
sillte	bring
sillu	Return
Silluanoi	Siluanoi
Silluanoit	Siluanoid
silluni	Behave
Siloam	Siloam
Siloamështë	Siloam is
Siloamit	Siloam
Siloamitgjendej	Siloam was found
Siloe	Siloam
Siloes	Siloam
Siloeut	Siloam
Siluani	Siluan
Siluanit	Silouan
Silvani	Silvanus
Silvanit	Silvanus
sim	MIS
simbol	symbol
simbolet	symbols
simbolik	symbolic
simbolike	symbolic
sime	my
simëje	my name
Simeon	Simeon
Simeonë	Simeon
Simeoni	Simeon
Simeonin	Simeon
Simeonit	Simeon
simeonitëve	Simeonites
simes	mine
simfonisjënë	symphony
Simi	Simi
simidhalë	shortbread
Simit	Symi
Simon	Simon
Simonë	Simone
Simoni	simony
Simonin	Simonin
Simoninë	Simony
Simonit	Simon
simpathi	sympathy
simpatinë	sympathy
simpatizantë	supporters
simulime	simulations
Sin	Sin
Sina	Sinai
sinagoga	synagogue
sinagogat	synagogue
sinagogave	synagogue
sinagoge	synagogue
sinagogë	synagogue
sinagogën	synagogue
sinagogës	synagogue
Sinagogjira	Synagogue
Sinagoj	Synagogue
sinagoje	synagogue
sinagojera	synagogue
Sinagojetë	Synagogue
sinagoji	synagogue
sinagojit	synagogue
sinagojnë	they are synagogizing
sinaguaj	singaporean
Sinai	Sinai
Sinait	Sinai
sinapi	mustard
sinapit	mustard
sinë	sine
sinedër	council
sinedra	Synod
sinedradhe	sinead
sinedrave	sanhedrins
sinedri	Sanhedrin
sinedrin	council
sinedrit	Sanhedrin
sinenjtë	the nines
sineri	sinergy
sinerija	synergy
singris	singris
Sini	Sini
sinidhis	synidhish
sinidhisit	the Sindhis
sinidhisnë	in agreement
Sinimit	Sinim
Sinit	Sin
sinjal	signal
sinjali	The signal
sinjalizonte	signal
sinjënjë	like one
sinodh	synod
sinodhi	synod
sinodhit	synod
Sinominë	Synonym
sinor	Spatial
sinore	and boundaries
sinorë	sinus
sinoret	the boundaries
sinorët	the lords
sinoretë	ladies'
sinorevet	watchmen
sinorëvet	son-in-law
sinori	sir
sinorin	the sinorin
sinorinë	the lady
sinorit	sinorit
sinqerisht	sincerely
sinqeritet	sincerity
sinqeritetin	sincerity
sinqeritetit	sincerity
sinqertë	HONEST
sintehnët	synths
Sintihësë	Synthesizers
Sintikës	Syntyche
sinuar	signed
sinuer	signor
Sion	ION
Siona	Zion
Sionë	Zion
Sionënë	Zion
Sionësë	Zion
Sionet	tions
Sioni	Zion
Sionin	Zion
Sionit	onal
Sipain	Sippai
sipar	above
sipas	according to
sipër	above
sipërë	upstairs
sipërfaqe	surface
sipërfaqen	TOTAL AREA
sipërfaqja	surface
sipërit	above
sipërm	UPPER
sipërme	Outerwear
sipërmesë	upper
sipërmi	top one
siprazi	cypress
siprë	above
siprëme	above
siprëmi	above
siprëminë	above
siqera	like
Sirahut	Sirach
Sirakusë	Syracuse
Sirakuzë	Syracuse
sirë	Arameans
sirësh	Syrians
sirët	Syrians
sirëve	Syrians
siri	SYRIA
Siria	SYRIA
Sirian	Syrian
Siriandodhet	Syria is located
siriane	Syrian
Sirianë	Syrian
Sirië	Syria
Siriësë	Syria
Sirinë	Syria
Sirion	Sirion
Sirionë	Sirians
Sirionin	Sirion
Sirisë	Syria
sirmësë	silverware
sirofenikase	Syrophoenician
Sirofiniqet	Syrophoenicians
Sirosë	Siros
Sirtës	quicksands
Sirtit	Siirt
sisa	breasts
Sisarait	Sisarait
Sisarajt	Sisaras
sisat	Tits
sisatë	sissy
sisavet	breasts
sisë	udder
Sisera	Sisera
Siseran	Sisera
Siseras	Sisera
Siserës	Sisera
sisëtë	teats
sisëve	breasts
sisëvet	breasts
Sismai	Sismai
Sismait	Sismai
sistemimit	Setup
sistemoi	arranged
sistemojnë	organize
sistemuar	systemized
sistrave	cornets
sit	site
sitë	strainer
Sith	Sith
Sithi	Sith
Sithit	Sith
Sitna	Sitna
Sitnah	Sitnah
sitni	strain
Sitri	Sithri
situata	situation
situatë	situation
situatën	sITUATION
siu	how
siut	how
sivanit	Sivan
sivet	sivet
sivjet	year
sixhade	tapestry
sjell	brings
sjella	BROUGHT
sjellë	bring
sjellësh	bring
sjellim	bring
sjellin	BRING
sjellja	behavior
sjellje	behavior
sjelljen	behavior
sjelljes	CONDUCT
sjelljet	BEHAVIOR
sjellshëm	courteous
sjellshme	polite
skaduar	expired
skaj	skirt
skaje	ends
skajet	ends
skajeve	ends
skaji	The edge
skajin	end
skajore	distal
skajshme	extreme
skalitet	inscribed
skalitur	sculpted
skamësit	the poor
skamja	misery
skamje	penury
skamjen	POVERTY
skamnor	needy
skamnorët	the poor
skamnorëve	the poor
skamnori	poverty
skamnorin	the poor
skamnorit	the poor
skandal	scandal
skandale	scandal
skandalet	scandals
skandali	SCANDAL
skandalia	scandal
skandalis	scandalize
skandalisë	scandal
skandalisetë	scandalous
skandalisurit	the scandalous ones
skandalizohem	I.
skandalizohen	offended
skandalizoheni	offended
skandalizoheshin	offended
skandalizohet	offended
skandalizoj	scandalize
skandalizojë	offend
skandalizon	offend
skandalizonte	scandalized
skandalizuan	offended
skandalizuar	offend
skandallë	scandal
skandallo	scandalize
skandhaletë	scandal
skandhali	scandal
skandhaliçinë	scandal
skandhalis	scandalous
skandhalisejnë	scandalize
skandhalisem	I was scandalized.
skandhalisenë	scandalous
skandhaliseni	scandalize
skandhaliseshinë	scandalousness
skandhalisetë	scandalous
skandhalisi	scandal
skandhalisjë	scandal
skandhalisjëmë	scandalous
skandhalisnë	scandalous
skandhall	scandal
skanjet	scans
skarcitetet	sweepings
skarë	grill
skarlat	scarlet
skarlati	scarlet
skarlatin	the scarlet
skeletin	skeleton
skeletit	skeleton
skematike	schematic
skenë	scene
skeptër	scepter
skeptra	scepters
skeptri	The scepter
skeptrin	scepter
skeptrit	scepter
skërkat	cliffs
skërmitin	yell
skëterra	hell
skëterrë	hell
skëterrës	hellish
Skev	Skew
Skeva	Sceva
Skevi	Scev
Skevit	Skevite
skifterët	hawks
skifterit	falcon
skitas	Scythian
skithas	Scythian
skllav	slave
skllava	slave
skllave	slave
skllavë	slave
skllaven	maid,
skllavënë	slaves
skllavëri	slavery
skllavëria	BONDAGE
skllavërim	enslavement
skllavërimi	slavery
skllavërinë	slavery
skllavërisë	slavery
skllavëronin	enslave
skllaves	slave
skllavësë	slave
skllavet	slaves
skllavi	SLAVE
skllavia	slavery
skllavin	slave
skllavisë	slavery
skllavit	slave
skllavja	maid
skllavos	slave
skllavose	slave girl
skllavosë	slave
skllavosenë	slave girl
skllavosi	slavery
skllavosjëmë	enslaved
skllavosjënë	enslave
skllavosnë	enslave
skllavosunë	enslaved
skllavosura	enslaved
skllavosurë	enslaved
skllavosuret	enslaved women
skllavosuri	slavery
skllef	slave
sklleft	slave
sklleftë	slaves
skllefvet	slaves
skllev	slaves
skllevër	SLAVES
skllevërit	slaves
skllevërve	SLAVE
skllevet	slaves
skllevt	slaves
skllevtë	slaves
skolio	scoliosis
skondaps	skondaps
skondapsurit	the scondapsuri
skopoi	Skopje
skopon	scope
skoponë	scopon
skorie	slag
skoriet	slag
skotadh	scotland
skotës	Scotsman
skotisurë	Scottish
skrib	scribe
skribë	scribes
skribët	scribes
skribëve	scribes
skribi	The scribe
skuadrave	teams
skulptura	sculptures
skulpturat	sculptures
skulpturave	sculptures
skulpturë	sculpture
skupirat	the skylarks
skuq	fry
skuqen	confounded
skuqeni	confounded
skuqesh	blush
skuqeshe	blush
skuqet	blushes
skuqur	RED
skuresë	drought
skuri	dry
skurjash	scumbag
skuta	recesses
skutar	scutary
skutarë	Scots
skutat	hideaway
smadhojnë	magnify
smaragdë	emerald
Smaragdh	Emerald
smaragdhë	emerald
smaragdhësë	emerald green
Smaragdhi	Emerald
smaragdinë	emerald
smbrazëtë	backsliding
smerald	emerald
smeralde	emerald
smeraldi	emerald
smeraldit	emerald
smir	envy
smira	Idolatry
smirat	envies
smire	rancor
smirë	jealous
smirën	jealousy
smirës	Smira
smirnë	Smyrna
Smirnës	Smyrna
smirnësë	Smyrna
Smirnit	Smyrna
smirr	envy
smirri	envy
smirrnë	in the sand
smundëja	illness
smundëjat	diseases
smundëjë	sick
smundëjënë	sick
smundetë	smunde
smundura	sick
smundurë	sick
smunduritë	illnesses
smyrne	Smyrna
Smyrnë	Smyrna
Sobasë	Stove
Sod	Sod
soda	soda
sodë	soda
sodën	soda
Sodhoma	Sodom
Sodhomat	Sodomites
Sodhomatë	Sodomites
Sodhomavet	Sodomites
Sodhomë	Sodom
Sodhomënë	Sodom
Sodhomësë	Sodom
Sodhomëvet	Sodomites
sodhomitë	sodomites
sodis	contemplate
sodisë	contemplation
sodisin	behold
sodisje	contemplation
Sodisni	contemplate
sodiste	watched
sodit	Look
sodita	sodita
Sodite	Look
soditë	afar
soditëm	beheld
soditja	contemplation
soditni	behold
soditur	unveiled
Sodom	Sodom
Sodoma	Sodom
Sodomakonsideroheshin	Sodom was considered
Sodomat	Sodom
Sodomë	Sodom
Sodomën	Sodom
Sodomës	Sodom
Sodomësë	Sodom
sodomitëve	unclean
Sodomvet	Sodomites
soe	soe
sofër	mahogany
Soferethit	Hassophereth
sofi	sophie
sofia	Sofi
sofie	SOFIA
sofin	Sofi
sofinë	Sophia
sofisë	Sophia
sofo	sofa
sofoi	sofia
sofonë	sofa
Sofonia	Zephaniah
Sofonian	Zephaniah
Sofonias	Zephaniah
Sofonien	Zephaniah
sofora	sofa
sofotë	sophomore
sofovet	sofas
sofrosin	sophrosyne
sogjetar	watchman
sogjetari	watchman
sogjetarit	watchman
soi	kind
soj	kind
Sokhothësë	Sokhothai
Sokhothit	Sokoth
Sokoh	Shochoh
Sokohit	Soco
Sokohu	Sochoh
Sokohut	Shochoh
Sokon	Soco
Sokothi	Socoh
solemn	solemn
solemne	SOLEMN
solemnisht	CEREMONY
solemnitetet	solemnities
solemniteteve	celebrations
solidarizuar	solidarity
soll	brought
solla	Soll
solle	brought
sollëm	brought
sollën	Treated
sollët	you brought
solli	Brought
Sollomoi	Solomoi
Sollomoit	Solomoit
Sollomonë	Solomon Islands
Sollomoni	Solomon
Sollomonit	Solomon
Solomoni	Solomon
Solomoninë	Solomonia
Solomonit	Solomon
Solomonitgjendej	Solomon was found
sona	son
sonë	OUR
sonte	TONIGHT
sopata	axes
sopatënë	the axe
Sopatri	Sopater
sopranoje	soprano
Sorekut	Sorek
sorm	worm
sorme	sorme
sormenë	the sun
sormënë	the sun
sos	OSs
sosa	so
sose	never
soseç	sausage
sosej	never
sosëj	finally
sosëja	the sauce
sosëjë	finally
sosem	wear out
sosëme	finally
sosemi	somemi
sosën	Sose
sosenë	sosena
soseni	come here
sosetë	sausage
sosi	sause
Sosipatri	Sosipater
Sosipatroi	Sosipater
sosishnë	finally
sosjë	nothing
sosjëmë	we are finished
sosjënë	nothing
sosm	som
sosnë	tomorrow
sosni	arrive
sosnie	sosnie
Sosohu	Socoh
Sosten	Sosthenes
Sostenë	Support
Sosteni	Sosthenes
Sostenin	Sosthenes
Sostheni	Sustain
Sostheninë	Sosthenia
sosunë	sosun
sosur	end
sosura	end
sosurë	sausage
sosurësë	sosuras
sosurin	sausage
sosurit	the sauce
sosuritë	sausages
sot	tODAY
Sotait	So'tai
sotëm	today's
soti	today
sotir	today
Sotirë	Sotire
sotiri	Sotir
sotirinë	sotiri
sotirisë	sotiri
sotirit	Sotir
sotme	TODAY
sotshëm	today
sotshime	today
Sovasë	Sova
sovran	sovereign
sovranit	the sovereign
spaleta	epaulette
spaletat	epaulettes
Spani	Spain
Spanjë	Spain
spazma	spasms
spazmat	SPASMS
specialistë	specialists
specialistësh	specialists
specialistët	specialists
spërkaç	sprinkler
spërkasë	spray
spërkasin	splash
spërkat	spray
spërkatë	spraying
spërkatën	sprinkled
spërkatësh	sprinkle
spërkatet	Spraying
spërkati	sprinkled
spërkatin	splash
spërkatjen	spraying
spërkatjes	spraying
spërkatni	spray
spërkatnin	splash
spërkatnjë	splash
spërkatoret	sprinklers
spërkatoretë	sprinklers
spërkatur	sprinkling
spërkaturatë	sprinkles
spërkaturë	sprinkled
spërkaturi	sprinkle
spërkaturit	the sprinkles
spikaste	lieth
spikat	show up
spile	spindle
spira	spiral
spirale	spiral
spiranca	anchors
spirancat	anchors
spirancë	anchor
spirancën	the anchor
Spirësë	Coil
spiritizmi	spiritualism
spiunë	spies
spiunët	spies
spiunon	spies
spiunuar	spying
spodhi	spodhi
spodhisetë	the spodhises
spodhisurë	exhausted
spontane	spontaneous
spontanisht	SPONTANEOUS
spraps	back the
sprapsë	repel
sprapsëm	them even
sprapsen	back off
sprapsësh	turn away the face
sprapset	back down
sprapsin	repel
sprazen	spray
sprova	Essays
sprovash	flyer
sprovat	trials
sprovave	trials
sprovë	flyer
sprovën	test
sprovës	test
sprovoi	tested
sprovove	you tried
sprovuar	sterling
sprovuem	tested
spudhi	spud
spudhia	spud
sqapi	hawk
sqaqunë	ankle
sqaroj	clarify
sqarojë	clarify
sqep	beak
sqepar	adze
sqeparë	hatchet
sqepë	beak
sqepësh	beak
sqepet	beaks
sqepët	beak
sqepëtë	beaks
sqepëvet	beaks
sqepi	beak
sqepin	beak
sqepit	beak
sqetullave	armpits
Sqevait	Sqevaites
sqifteri	the blacksmith
sqimë	refinement
sqimën	vanity
Sqith	Scythian
sqohetë	clear
Sqohu	Wake up
sqoj	explain
sqonetë	scythe
sqova	I explained.
squa	square
squarë	square
sque	egee
squem	I'm late.
squfur	brimstone
squfurë	sulfur
squfuri	sulfur
Squfuriështë	Sulfur is
squfurit	sULFUR
squtë	quiet
Sqyreja	The mirror
srdypun	srdypun
Stabilizoi	Order
stade	furlongs
stadhe	step
stadhio	stage
stadie	stage
Stahu	Stahu
Stahyt	Stahyt
Stakit	Stachys
Stakun	Stack
stalla	stalls
stallë	stall
stambeku	ibex
Stamn	Stam
stamnë	pitcher
stamnën	the pitcher
stanit	Camp
stap	cosh
stapat	the herd
stapi	steppe
stapin	stick
stapinë	the stem
stapit	stick
stapnë	stick
stater	stater
staterë	shekel
statirë	stator
statujat	statues
statujë	statue
statujën	statue
statut	STATUTE
statute	statutes
statutet	statutes
statuteve	statutes
statuti	STATUTE
statutin	statute
Stefanait	Steph'a
Stefanas	Stephanas
Stefanë	Stefana
Stefanës	Stephanus
Stefani	Stefan
Stefanin	Stephen
Stefaninë	Stefanina
Stefanit	Stephen
stenohorira	short story
stepen	hang
stërdhëmbë	fangs
sterenë	dry land
stereos	stereos
stereosenë	stereoscene
stereosishnë	stereoscopic
stereosjë	stereo
stereosnë	in stereo
stereosni	stereo
stereosur	stereoscopic
stereosurë	stereotype
sterepsni	wait
stërgjyshërit	great-grandparents
stërgjyshin	grandfather
sterks	strong
sterksi	strength
stërmadhe	enormous
sterna	cisterns
sternat	cisterns
sternave	wells
sterne	cistern
sternë	cistern
sternën	dungeon
sternës	cistern
sternësë	cistern
stërnipa	great grandchildren
stërnipëritë	great-grandchildren
stërpik	perfuse
stërpikëmejë	speck
stërpikëmen	the point
stërpiku	the dust
stërpikuna	sprinkle
stërpikunë	splatter
stërpikura	sprinkle
sterrnësë	bathroom
stërvina	rotting
stërviten	train
stërviti	TRAIN
stërvitur	training
stihi	storm
stihit	storm
stihitë	elements
stil	style
stili	STYLE
stina	season
stinë	season
stinën	season
stinës	season
stinët	seasons
stinëve	seasons
stis	spring
stisëijnë	they are stylish
stisi	style
stisjë	spring
stisjënë	spring
stisurë	sty
stof	drapery
stofa	blue
stofave	drapery
stofën	worked into the blue
stofi	cloth
stofin	warp
stoikë	Stoic
Stoikëvet	The Stoics
Stoikotë	Stoic
stol	bench
stoli	jewelry
stolia	decoration
stoliat	ornaments
stolin	bench
stolinë	finery
stolira	finery
stolis	embellish
stolise	Ornaments
stolisëme	we decorate
stolisenë	ornament
stolisesh	embellish
stoliseshin	adorned
stolisinë	ornamentation
stolisja	adorning
stolisjënë	ornament
stolisnë	adorn
stolisni	garnish
stolisnjënë	ornament
Stolisu	Deck
stolisunë	we adorned
stolisur	adorned
stolisura	ornamented
stolisurë	adorned
stolit	bench
stolitë	ornaments
stolive	jewelry
stolivet	tables
stomahnë	stomach
stomakun	stomach
stomakut	stomach
storaks	storax
storsosurit	the storsoers
stracë	rag
straicë	straits
strall	flint
stralli	flint
strallin	the rock
strallit	flinty
strateg	strategist
stratigoi	strategized
streha	SHELTERS
strehe	shelter
strehë	DWELLING
strehën	shelter
strehet	verandah
strehim	HOUSING
strehimi	HOUSING
strehimin	HOUSING
strehimit	housing
strehohej	flee
strehohem	ensconce
strehohen	shelter
strehoheni	lodge
strehohesh	take refuge
strehohet	haunt
strehoi	sheltered
strehon	accommodates
strehore	lean to
strehua	fled
strehuan	shelter
strehuar	sheltered
strofka	digs
strofkat	dENS
strofkën	den
strofull	hideout
strofullat	dens
strofullën	den
stromë	Strom
stromëra	stromera
strucët	ostriches
strucin	ostrich
strucit	owls
struk	Struck
strukat	coverts
struken	crouch
strukën	thicket
struket	crouched
strukturës	structure
strukur	shy
struthokamilla	ostrich camellia
struthokamillevet	ostrichcamillevet
studimet	studies
studimi	STUDIES
studimin	Survey
studiojnë	STUDYING
studionte	study
studiuar	studied
studiuesve	SCHOLARS
stuhi	storm
stuhia	storm
stuhie	storm
stuhinë	storm
stuhisë	storm
stuhishëm	brash
stuhishme	stormy
styreve	steering wheels
su	so
Suahu	Suah
suaj	YOUR
suall	turned to
suallë	question
suallëm	we asked
sualltë	questionable
Sufah	Sufah
Sufit	Sufi
sufra	table
sufrà	table
sufraja	table
sufrasë	tablecloth
sugjeron	suggests
suitë	suite
suitën	suite
sukathenjtë	the sukathas
sukenj	skirt
Sukhoth	Sukhothai
Sukhothi	Sukhothai
Sukkoth	Sukkoth
Sukoth	Succoth
Sukothi	Succoth
Sukothit	Succoth
Sukotit	Succoth
suksesin	success
sul	attack
sulë	Sule
sulej	swells
sulemi	Press On
sulen	Sule
sulën	Sula
sulenë	sultan
sulesh	come into
sulet	break out
suletë	suleta
sulm	ATTACK
sulme	ATTACKS
sulmet	ATTACKS
sulmeve	ATTACKS
sulmi	ATTACK
sulmit	ATTACK
sulmo	knocking
sulmoi	attacked
sulmoj	attack
sulmojë	attack
sulmojnë	attack
sulmon	attacks
sulmoni	attack
sulmonim	to attack,
sulmonin	attack
sulmonte	attack
sulmosh	attacking
sulmuan	attacked
sulmuar	attack
sulu	PRESS
Suluni	Go up
sulur	fallen
sumathenjtë	the Sumathi people
sumbulla	button
sumbullat	eggplant
sumbullë	eggplant
sundim	RULE
sundimi	RULE
sundimin	RULE
sundimit	rule
sundimtar	ruler
sundimtarë	RULERS
sundimtarët	ruler
sundimtarëve	rulers
sundimtari	ruler
sundimtarit	ruler
sundo	conquer
sundohem	I rule.
sundohen	are ruled
sundoheni	slain
sundoi	ruled
sundojë	rule
sundoji	rule
sundojmë	prevail
sundojnë	rule
sundon	Dogging
sundoni	rule
sundonin	ruled
sundonte	ruled
sundosh	rule
sunduan	ruled
sunduar	rule
sunduara	ruled
sundues	ruling
sunduesi	King
sunduesit	Sovereigns
sunduesve	Rulers
sunepsi	sundown
sunet	Sunnah
sup	shoulder
supa	soup
supat	soups
supe	shoulder
supë	soup
supën	the soup
supës	soup
supet	shoulders
supevet	shoulders
supi	shoulder
supin	supine
supit	shoulder
supn	shoulder
supnë	shoulder
supore	shoulder-straps
suporet	shoulder straps
supt	chief
surat	letter
surate	Surah
suratet	the surahs
suratn	letter
suratnë	letter
sure	sura
Surësë	Surah
suresh	Surah
surfullë	suffolk
surfullit	natural sulfur
Surit	blown
surrëgjatë	long-nosed
surrugjatë	street vendors
surrullat	the police
Susahin	Susahin
Susana	Susana
Susanna	Susanna
Susim	Drying
Susit	Susi
suta	hart
sutat	hinds
sutave	deer
sute	stag
suvanë	plaster
suvatojnë	daub
suvatonin	daubed
suvatuar	plastered
Suza	Susa
Suzana	Susanna
Suzas	Susa
sveç	Swedish
sverku	uvula
sverkut	neck
svesh	hide
sveshë	naked
sveshënë	carefree
sveshët	the blind
sveshëta	naked
sveshi	I'm tired.
sveshnë	unknown
sveshun	undress
sveshunë	naked
sveshunit	naked
sveshur	naked
sveshurat	naked
sveshurë	naked
sveshuri	nakedness
sveshurinë	nakedness
sveshurit	naked
sveshuritë	the nakedness
svierdhun	swierdhun
svierdhunë	violence
svish	slide
svishemi	we are leaving
svishetë	swish
svishi	swish
sy	eye
syçelë	watchful
Syene	Syene
Syhemënë	Syhema
Syhemit	Sychem
sylig	jealous
Symeon	Symeon
Symeoni	Symeon
Symeonit	Symeon
Symon	Simon
syn	aim
synagoga	synagogue
synagogat	synagogues
synagogë	synagogue
synagogënë	synagogue
synagogës	synagogue
synagogësë	synagogue
synagoget	synagogues
synagogët	synagogues
synagogoët	synagogue
synë	eye
syngagogat	synagogues
syni	aim
synim	INTENDED
synimet	aims
Synimi	The aim
synimit	gOAL
synin	groping
syninë	goal
synit	Sunni
synojmë	we intend
synojnë	AIMING
synon	AIMS
synoresh	target
synoret	goals
synorevet	goals
Syntyhut	Syntychus
synuar	TARGET
synuer	target
syr	sir
Syrakusë	Syracuse
syri	EYE
Syria	Syria
Syrian	Syrian
Syrianëtë	Syrians
Syriani	Syrian
Syrianit	Syrian
syrin	EYE
Syrinë	syrine
Syrisë	Syria
Syrishte	Syrishte
syrit	EYE
Syrofinike	Syrophoenician
sysh	Color
syt	eyes
sytë	eyes
sytëjanë	the eyes are
sythave	buds
sythe	loops
sythet	stitch
syve	EYES
syvet	eyes
sʼka	there
t	the
ta	Remember
Taanakit	Taanach
Taanaku	Tanach
Taanakun	Taanach
Taanakut	Taanach
Taarea	Tarea
Tabak	sheet
Tabakut	Tabak
tabanët	soles
tabani	sole
tabanin	soles
tabanit	Tabani
Tabaothit	Tabbaoth
Tabathit	Tabbath
Tabeeli	Tabel
Tabeelit	Tabeal
Tabeilit	Tabeili
tabelë	table
tabelën	TABLE
tabenakullit	tabernacle
Taberah	Taberah
Tabernakujve	Tabernacles
tabernakull	tabernacle
tabernakulli	TABERNACLE
tabernakullin	the tabernacle
tabernakullit	the tabernacle
Tabita	Tabitha
Tabitën	Tabitha
Tabitha	Tabitha
Taboathit	Tabbaoth
Tabor	battalion
Tabori	Tabor
Taborin	Tabor
Taborit	Tabor
Tabrimonit	Tabrimmon
Tade	Thaddaeus
Tadeu	Thaddeus
Tadmorin	Tadmor
Taf	Taf
Tafatha	Taphath
tagmë	tag
tagrambledhës	tax collector
tagrambledhësi	The publican
tagrambledhësish	publicans
tagrambledhësit	publicans
tagrambledhësitkonsideroheshin	tax collectors were considered
Tagrambledhësitmblidhnin	The tax collectors collected
tagrambledhësve	publicans
Tagrambledhja	exactress
tagrat	entitlements
tagrave	duties
Tagri	of debt
Tagriishte	Tagriish
tagrin	prerogative
tagrit	of debt
Tahahu	Tahath
Tahani	Tahani
Tahanin	Tahan
tahanitëve	Tahanites
Tahashin	Thahash
Tahath	Tahath
Tahathi	Tahath
Tahathit	Tahath
tahkemoniti	tachemonite
tahmin	guess
Tahpanhes	Tehaphnehes
Tahpanhesit	Tahpanhes
Tahpenes	Tahpenes
Tahrea	Tahrea
Tahtim	Tahtim
taja	nurse
tajat	nursing mothers
tajë	nurse
tajën	nurse
takim	meeting
takime	MEETINGS
takohem	I meet.
takohemi	MEET
takohen	MEET
takohesh	meets
takoheshin	meet
takohet	Date
takoi	MET
takoj	meet
takojë	meet
takojmë	meet
takojnë	LIE
takon	BELONGS
takoni	MEET
takonin	meet
takonte	meet
takosh	MEET
takova	I met
taks	Task
taksa	TAX
taksapagues	taxpayer
taksat	taxes
taksatmbi	taxes on
taksë	TAX
taksëjën	the tax
taksën	TAX
taksës	TAX
takset	toll
taksi	cab
taksit	taxi
taksjëmë	tax
taksn	tax
taksnë	tax
taksura	tax
taksurat	taxes
taksuratë	taxation
taksuravet	taxes
taksurë	tax
taksurësë	tax collector
taksurit	tax collector
taksuritë	taxes
takua	MET
takuam	met
takuan	MET
takuar	MEET
takuem	we met
taland	talent
talant	talent
talent	talent
talenta	talents
talentash	talents
talentat	talents
talente	talents
talentesh	talents
talentet	talents
talenti	talent
talentin	talent
Talitha	Talitha
tallande	talent
tallandevet	tallandevets
tallant	talented
tallanta	talent
tallantatë	talent
tallantë	talented
tallantënë	talent
tallanto	talent
tallaz	billow
Tallaze	watered
tallazetë	waves
tallazevet	water lilies
tallë	mocks
tallej	taunts
tallem	mock
tallen	mock
tallën	laughed
talleni	mocking
tallës	mocking
tallëse	mocker
tallesh	Joking
talleshin	mocked
tallësi	mocker
tallësin	scoffer
tallësit	mockers
tallësve	mockers
tallet	mocks
talli	mocked
tallin	mock
tallja	Mocking
tallje	mockery
talljeje	byword
talljen	mockery
talljes	Bullying
talljesh	laughingstock
talljet	ridicule
tallnin	teased
talluni	mock
tallur	mocking
Talmai	Tholomai
Talmain	Talmai
Talmait	Tholmai
Talmoni	Talmon
Talmonit	Talmon
Talmudi	The Talmud
tamahqar	greedy
tamahqarë	greedy
tamahqarëtë	greedy people
Tamahut	Tamah
tamamptitë	the same
tamamta	exactly
tamamtë	exactly
Tamar	Tamara
Tamara	Tamara
Tamarë	Tamara
Tamarën	Tamar
Tamarës	Tamar
Tamarësë	Tamara
Tamari	Tamara
Tamuzin	Tammuz
tana	ours
Tanaakut	Tanakh
Tanaath	Taanath
tand	yours
tande	Tanda
tandë	tent
tandenë	tanden
tandinë	tandy
tanë	OUR
Tanësë	Ours
tanët	ours
tanëtë	ours
Tanhumethit	Thanehumeth
tani	now
tanimë	now
tanishme	CURRENT
tapino	tap
tapinosë	tapino
tapinosjë	tap
tapinosurë	tapinosure
tapinosurit	tappers
tapinovet	tapinovet
Tapuah	Tappuah
Tapuahu	Bethtappuah
Tapuahut	tappuah
taraca	roof
taracë	roof
tarafet	heresies
Tarait	Tarai
Taralahu	Taralah
Tares	Tare
tarpelitët	tarpaulins
tarraca	terraces
tarracë	terrace
tarracën	roof
Tars	Tarsus
Tarsë	Tarsus
Tarset	Tarsus
Tarshisë	Tarshish
Tarshish	Tarshish
Tarshishë	Tarshish
Tarshishësë	Tarshish
Tarshishi	Tarshish
Tarshishit	Tarshish
Tarsi	Tarsus
Tarsiot	Tarsier
Tarsit	Tarsus
Tarso	Tarsus
Tarsoja	Tarsus
Tartakun	Tartak
Tartani	Tartan
Tartanin	Tartan
tartar	tartar
Tartaro	Tartarus
tasat	bowls
tash	NOW
tashëgojnë	they are already gone
tashheth	already
tashhith	tashit
tashi	now
tashith	now
tashme	ALREADY
tashmë	already
tashmja	PRESENT
tashti	now
tashtishime	present tense
tashtiu	now
tashtu	now
tat	father
tate	father
tatë	Tate
Tatenai	Tat'te
tatënë	father
tatëpjeta	decline
tatëpjetë	downhill
tatëpjetën	descent
tatës	father
tatim	TAX
tatime	cess
tatimet	taxes
tatimeve	TAXATION
tatimin	TAX
tatuazh	tattoo
Tau	Tau
Tav	Tav
tavan	ceiling
tavanet	CEILINGS
Taverna	taverns
Tavernat	taverns
Tavitha	Tabitha
tavolinat	table
Tay	Tay
tè	fi
teatër	theater
teatri	Theater
Tebahun	Te'bah
Tebaliahun	Tebaliah
tebethit	Tebeth
tegel	seam
tehe	Hacksaw
Tehinahu	Tehinnah
tehu	the edge
tëhu	and fro
tehun	stroke
tej	beyond
teja	come
tejdukshëm	transparent
teje	you
tejë	worm
tejembanë	from side to side
tejet	EXTREMELY
tejkalojnë	EXCEEDING
tejkalon	surpasses
tejkalonin	exceeded
tejkaluar	surpassed
Tejlartë	Too high
Tejlarti	The Most High
Tejlartit	The Most High
tejme	Tejma
tejpërtej	THROUGH
tejshpoi	pierced
tejshpojë	pierce through
tejshpua	wounded
tejshpuan	pierced
tejshpuar	pierced
tek	TO
tekdo	everywhere
TEKEL	TEKEL
teketë	single
teknik	TECHNICAL
teknikësh	technicians
Tekoa	Tekoa
Tekoan	Tekoa
Tekoas	Tekoa
tekoitët	Tekoites
tekoitit	Tekoite
teksa	WHILE
tekst	text
tekste	TEXTS
teksti	The text
tekstin	text
tekstit	text
tela	Wires
Telahun	The crowd
Telaim	Telaim
Telasar	Thelassar
telashe	trouble
Telemi	Telem
telio	wire
telioçë	telephone operator
telios	telios
teliosej	to be called
teliosem	I am wired.
teliosenë	teliosene
teliosetë	teliosets
teliosjë	something
teliosnë	teliosne
teliosurë	teliosura
teliosuritë	teliosuri
Tellasar	Tellasar
Tellonëritë	Tellonaries
Tellonetë	Tellonet
Tellonëvet	The Tellons
Telloni	Tellon
tëlyeni	paint it
tem	topic
tëm	tional
Tema	Themes
Teman	Theme
Temani	Teman
Temanit	Teman
Temanitëve	Temani
Temas	Topic
teme	topic
tëme	my
Tememin	Temeni
tëmer	terrible
tëmerimt	terrible
tëmeroheshinë	they were honored
tëmerue	terrible
temjan	incense
temjane	incense
temjani	frankincense
temjanibënin	incense burner
temjanica	censers
temjanicat	censer
temjanicë	censer
temjanicën	censer
temjanin	incense
temjanisë	censer
temjanit	incense
temon	I fear.
temoni	watch
temonit	the wheel
tempuj	temples
tempujsh	temples
tempujt	TEMPLES
tempujtë	temples
tempujve	temples
tempujvet	temples
tempull	temple
tempullë	temple
tempulli	house
tempullin	house
tempullinë	the temple
tempullit	TEMPLARS
tëmth	gall
tëmthat	temples
tën	TEN
tëna	Tena
tend	Your Own
tënd	YOUR
tenda	TENTS
tënda	your
tendat	tents
tëndat	yours
tendatë	tent
tendave	your
tendavet	tents
tende	your
tendë	tent
tënde	YOUR
tëndë	your
tendën	the tent
tënden	yours
tendënë	tent
tëndenë	yours
tendëra	tender
tendës	tent
tendësë	tent
tendet	your
tendët	tents
tëndin	yours
tëndnë	yours
tendosin	strain
tendurë	tend
tënë	yours
tënënë	your mother
tenja	moth
tenjë	moth
tënt	yours
tënte	yours
tenxhere	pot
tenxheren	pot
tenxheres	pot
tenxheret	the pots
tenxhereve	pots
Teofil	Theophilus
tepër	too
tepëra	excess
tepërë	too
tepërënë	too much
tepëri	surfeit
tepërica	redundancy
tepëricë	redundancy
tepëricën	the rest
tepëricësë	excess
tepërinë	excess
tepërme	supernumerary
tepërmi	greatly
tepëroftë	too much
tepërohem	I exaggerate.
tepëroi	abounded
tepëroj	exaggerate
tepërojë	abound
tepërojënë	overwater
tepërojn	exaggerate
tepërojnë	exaggerate
tepëron	overflows
tepëronetë	overnight
tepëroni	overdo it
tepëronjënë	one-sided
tepërt	EXCESSIVE
tepëruanë	they are too much
tepëruarat	the excesses
tepëruarë	excessive
tepëruarën	they overslept
tepëruarit	overdoing it
tepëruaritë	extravagance
tepëruatë	overwater
tepërue	too much
tepëruem	excessive
tepëruemit	overdue
tepëruenë	overdue
teposhtë	down
teposhtës	descent
tepri	DRINKER
teprica	SURPLUS
tepricat	Excesses
tepricë	SURPLUS
tepricën	surplus
teprime	excess
teproftë	abound
teprohej	abound
teprohetë	excessive
teproi	abounded
teprojë	abound
teprojnë	abound
tepron	carry over
teproni	overboard
tepronjë	excess
tepronte	too much
tepruan	remained
tepruar	excessive
tepruem	excessive
tepruemit	excessive
teprumit	excess
ter	TOR
tera	whole
tëra	IT '
Terah	Terah
Terahu	Terah
Terahut	Terah
tërbim	fury
tërbimeve	fury
tërbimi	Rabies
tërbimin	fury
tërbimit	fury
tërbohej	stymied
tërbohem	bristle
tërbohen	roar
tërbohet	raged
tërbon	enrages
tërboneshë	turban
tërbuan	furious
tërbuar	FURIOUS
tërbuara	furious
Terci	Tertius
tërë	whole
Terebintit	Elah
Terebintos	Elah
teren	FIELD
terën	dry
Tereshi	Teresh
Tereshin	Teresh
tërësi	OVERALL
tërësia	THE BODY
tërësinë	FULL
tërësisë	integrity
tërësisht	THOROUGHLY
tërët	all
tërfurk	pitchfork
tërhekës	tug
tërhekin	they pull
tërhektë	earnest
tërhekun	the tug
tërhekunë	tug
tërheq	pull
tërheqë	PULL
tërheqës	appealing
tërheqëse	attractive
tërheqi	withdraw
tërheqim	draw
tërheqin	INVITES
tërheqinë	the attraction
tërheqje	retreat
tërheqshin	will draw
tërheqt	pull
tërhequnë	they withdrew
tërhequr	PULLED
tërhieki	pull
tërhiekimë	withdrawal
tërhiekinë	pull it
tërhiektë	withdrawn
tërhiekun	the pull
tërhiekunë	puller
tërhiq	drag
tërhiqe	pull
tërhiqei	retreat
tërhiqej	retreat
tërhiqem	rebound
tërhiqemi	retreat
tërhiqen	withdrawn
tërhiqenë	retreat
tërhiqesh	pull
tërhiqeshin	Confident
tërhiqeshit	astray
tërhiqeshitë	retreat
tërhiqet	REVERSE
tërhiqetë	retreat
tërhiqi	pull
tërhiqja	Pull
Tërhiqmë	Draw
tërhiqni	Call
tërhiqnin	Call
tërhiqte	withdraw
tërhiqu	depart
tërhiquni	retreat
tërhoq	withdrew
tërhoqa	withdrew
tërhoqëm	retreated
tërhoqën	they pulled
tërhoqi	drew
tërhoqnë	they pulled
terhu	there
tërhu	come back
tëri	whole
tërkuzë	rope
term	term
tërmet	earthquake
tërmete	earthquakes
tërmetëna	earthquake
tërmeti	quake
tërmetin	the earthquake
tërmetit	earthquake
tërmetnë	earthquake
termit	thermite
tërpënofshin	let them be humble
terplota	rack
terplote	complete
terploten	Whose fan
terplotënë	full
terplotet	complete
terplotetë	full
terr	dark
terren	FIELD
terreni	FIELD
terri	darkness
terrin	Terri
terrina	darkness
territ	Terry
territor	territory
territoret	territory
territoreve	Territory
territori	territory
territorin	TERRITORY
territorit	territory
terrori	terror
terrorin	terror
terrorizonte	terrified
tërshëra	oats
tërthor	transverse
Terti	Third
Tertillo	Tertillo
Tertillua	Tertilua
Tertioi	Tertiary
Tertiu	Tertius
Tertul	TERTULIA
Tertuli	Tertullus
Tertyl	Tertyl
Tertyli	Tertullian
teshat	clothes
teshënë	Monday
Teshtimat	sneezes
teshtiu	sneezed
testament	WILL
testamenti	Testament
testamentin	the will
tet	October
tët	Oct
teta	eighth
Tetarhin	The centurion
tetë	eight
tetëdhetë	eighty
tetëdhiet	octopus
tetëdhietë	eighty
tetëdhjetë	eighty
tëtej	beyond
tetëmbëdhietë	eighteenth
tetëmbëdhjetë	eighteen
tetëmbëdhjetët	the eighteen
tetëmbëdhjetëtë	the eighteenth
tetëmbëdhjeti	eighteenth
tetën	eight
tetënë	the eighth
tetëqind	eight hundred
tetëtë	eighth
Teth	Tehth
teti	eighth
tetorit	October
Tetrahi	Tetrah
Tetrarhi	Tetrarch
Tetrarhut	Tetrarch
tetrark	tetrarch
tetrarku	tetrarch
tetrarkut	tetrarch
tettënë	aunt
tetti	eight
tettinë	aunt
Teuda	Theuda
Tevahun	Tevahun
Teveqelit	The simple
tezgat	stall
tezgjahu	loom
tezgjahut	loom
tha	said
Thabori	Tabor
thaçë	Thac
thaçi	Thaci
thaçim	drying
Thadde	Thaddeus
Thaddenë	Thaddaeus
Thadheo	Thaddaeus
Thadheonë	Thaddaeus
thaështë	it is said
thafç	thafc
thafça	thorn
thafçim	slush
thafçinë	the heath
thaftë	dry
Thahashin	Thahashin
thahem	dry
thahen	dry
thahenë	dry
thahet	DRYING
thahetë	dry
Thahu	Be dry
thaj	sear
thajë	sear
thajnë	drain
thalami	room
tham	I said
Thamahut	Thamah
thamar	Tamar
Thamara	Tamara
Thamarësë	Thamarës
thambosi	thambosi
thambosurë	thambosura
thamë	said
than	Thane
thançi	thanchi
thançim	gossip
thançinë	thanch
thanë	STRESSED
thanj	dry
thanjë	dry
thansha	I said
thanshim	whisper
thanshinë	say
thante	parch
thara	dried
Tharai	Tharai
Tharait	Tharai
tharë	dried
Tharësë	Dryers
Thargallit	Thargalit
tharm	yeast
tharmi	yeast
tharmin	yeasts
tharmit	yeast
tharos	dry
tharosi	dry
tharosn	dry
tharosnë	dry
Tharshishë	Tharshishe
Tharshishësë	Bottle dryers
Tharsisë	Dryness
Tharsisi	Dryness
thasë	SACK
thasët	bags
thasëtë	bags
thasëve	bags
thasëvet	bags
thash	I said
thashë	I said
thashetheme	rumor
thasht	I said
thashtë	dry
thata	DRIED
thate	DRY
thatë	dry
thatënë	drought
thatësh	dry
thatësia	dryness
thatësinë	dryness
thatësira	DROUGHT
thatësirë	drought
thatësirën	the drought
thatësirës	drought
thatësisë	dryness
thatime	gaunt
thatin	Thati
thau	licked
thava	dried my
thave	dried up
thavm	thaw
thavmaturgji	witchcraft
thavmaturgjira	dry spell
thavmaturgjitë	witchcraft
thavmaturgjivet	the_mage_of_the_world
thavmë	dry
thavmëra	dry mouth
thavmërat	the words
thavmëravet	the words
thavmëtë	dry
Thavori	Thavori
the	you
theatër	theater
theatro	theater
Thebets	Thebez
thëfçi	millet
theftë	thief
thek	awn
theka	fringe
thekë	fringe
thekët	fringe
thekëve	fringe
thekrënë	rye
theksuar	emphasized
thekur	toasted
thelb	core
thelbin	core
thelë	lobule
thelim	depth
thelima	depth
thelimat	the depths
thelimë	depth
thelimën	the depth
thelimënë	the bottom
thelimësë	the depths
thelimet	the depths
thella	REMOTE
thellash	deep
thellat	depths
thellavet	the depths
thellë	deep
thellëcirat	the depths
thellëcirëra	deep-sea
thellësi	depth
thellësia	depth
thellësina	depth
thellësinat	the depths
thellësinavet	deep sea
thellësinë	the depth
thellësira	depths
thellësirat	the depths
thellësirave	recesses
thellësirët	the depths
thellësisë	depth
thellësisht	FIRMLY
thellësitë	the depths
thellësive	depths
thellët	deepest
thellëtë	deep
thëllëza	partridges
thëllëzë	partridge
thëllim	frost
thëllimet	the depths
thëllimi	strong wind
thëllimin	depth
thëlliminë	depth
thëllimit	depth
thëllimn	depth
thëllimnë	in depth
thellohem	I go deeper.
thelloi	deepened
thelloj	deep
thellon	deepens
thelp	core
them	tell
Themani	Teman
Themanit	Theman
thembërën	heel
thembra	HEEL
thembrat	dado
thembrën	heel
thembrënë	heel
themel	FOUNDATION
themele	foundation
themelet	FOUNDATIONS
themeletë	foundations
themeleve	foundation
themeli	FOUNDATION
themelimi	Founded
themelimit	Establish
themelin	FOUNDATION
themelinë	the foundation
themelios	establish
themeliosej	was founded
themeliosi	founder
themeliosjë	establish
themeliosurë	foundation
themelit	FOUNDATION
themeloftë	establish
themelohej	foundation
themelohen	established
themeloi	founded
themeloj	establish
themelon	establishes
themeloneshinë	founder
themelonjë	foundation
themelos	establish
themelosi	founder
themelosurë	established
themelove	foundation
themeluar	established
themeluem	founded
themi	ABOuT
thën	THEN
thëna	spoken
thënç	say
thënça	say
thënçi	let them say
thënçin	let them say
thënçinë	the saying
thëne	THEN
thënë	SAYING
thëngjij	coals
thëngjijsh	coal
thëngjijt	coals
Thëngjijtë	embers
thëngjill	coal
thëngjillës	coal
thëngjilli	coal
thëngjit	coal
thëni	speaking
thënia	statement
thënie	STATEMENTS
thënien	saying
thënies	statement
thëniet	Utterances
thënieve	sayings
thënka	does he
thënsh	say
thëntë	May it be said
thënurë	saying
Theofil	Theophilus
thepa	beaded edge
thepisura	steep
ther	butcher
therç	carcass
there	slaughter
therë	kill
therëjesë	slaughter
therëme	we fell
therëmesë	wreck
theren	killing
therën	slaughtered
therenë	slaughter
therënë	slaughtered
thereni	kill
therëse	acidly
therësh	kill
thereshin	slay
theret	kill
thëret	calls upon
theretë	slaughter
theri	slaughtered
therie	nits
therin	slaughter
therinë	the slaughter
thërisnë	call
thëriste	screamed
therje	SLAUGHTER
therjë	slaughter
therjënë	slaughter
therjes	slaughter
thërmojë	A bruised
thërmon	crush
thërmonenë	thunder
thërmonetë	avalanche
thernë	slaughter
therni	slaying
thernia	slaughter
thernin	slaughter
thernjë	slaughter
theror	holocaust
therore	sacrifice
theroreja	the slaughterhouse
theroreje	slaughter
theroren	the sacrifice
therorenë	slaughterhouse
therores	slaughterhouse
theroresë	slaughterhouse
theroret	slaughterhouse
theroretë	slaughterhouse
thërras	call
thërrasë	call
thërrasën	they called
thërrasënë	call
thërrasësh	call
thërrasi	call
thërrasim	call
thërrasimë	call
thërrasin	call
thërrasinë	the call
therrë	slaughter
thërreç	shout
thërres	call
thërresë	call
thërrësë	call
thërresëm	we called
thërresëmë	call me
thërresën	they called
thërresënë	call
thërresësë	caller
thërresi	convene
thërresim	call
thërresin	call
thërresinë	the call
thërresmë	call me
thërret	Caller
thërriçinë	the cry
thërrime	crumb
thërrimet	crumb
thërrimevet	crumbs
thërrisinë	the call
thërrisja	shout
thërrisje	call,
thërrisn	call
thërrisnë	they call
thërrisni	call
thërrisnin	call
thërrisninë	call me
thërrisnjam	I called.
thërriste	call
thërrit	Cry
thërrita	Calling
thërritç	shout
thërrite	Calling
thërriteç	shouter
thërritëmes	caller
thërritëmesë	exclamation mark
thërritën	yelled
thërritenë	call me
thërriteni	Call her
thërritet	summoned
thërritët	Calling
thërritetë	shout
thërriti	cried
thërritn	call
thërritnë	call
thërritni	Cry
thërritshinë	shout
thërrittë	shout
thërritun	they cried
thërritunat	the cries
thërritunë	we cried
thërritunit	shout
thërritunitë	the cries
thërrmiash	crumbs
thërrmiat	particles
thërrmohet	molder
thërrmoi	crumbled
thërrmojë	crush
thërrmon	subdues
thërrmonetë	small change
thërrmonjë	crumb
thërrmonte	pieces
thërrmova	I crushed
thërrmove	crumble
thërrmua	shattered
thërrmuar	crumbled
thërrmuara	crumbled
thërrmuem	crumbled
therrni	slaughter
thersh	slaughter
therte	slaughter
thertore	butchery
thertura	slaughter
therturatë	slaughter
therturë	slaughter
therturit	slaughtered
therun	the sword
theruna	therion
therunë	slaughtered
therur	carcass
therura	slaughtered
therurë	slaughtered
therurit	slaughter
thes	bag
Thesalonikasve	Thessalonians
Thesaloniket	Thessalonians
Thesaloniki	Thessaloniki
Thesalonikit	Thessalonica
thesar	TREASURY
thesare	treasures
thesarë	treasures
thesaret	treasure
thesarët	treasure
thesarëtë	treasures
thesareve	treasure
thesari	TREASURY
thesarin	TREASURY
thesarit	Treasury
thesaritnënkuptohet	treasury means
thesarmbajtësi	treasurer
thesë	bag,
thesi	sack
thesin	sack
thesinë	the bag
thesit	bag
thesnë	bag
thesore	treasury
thesorë	treasure
thesoren	the treasury
thesoresë	treasury
thesoret	treasures
thesorët	treasures
thesorëtë	treasures
thesorevet	treasures
thesori	treasury
thesorit	treasury
Thessallonikanëvet	Thessalonians
Thessallonikësë	Thessaloniki
Thessalonikanët	Thessalonians
Thessalonikanëvet	Thessalonians
Thessalonikë	Thessaloniki
thest	bag
theu	broke
Theuda	Theuda
theva	I broke
Thevdhai	Thevdhai
theve	you broke
thi	pig
Thiatirë	Thyatira
Thiatirësë	Thyatira
Thiatiret	Thyatira
thie	Thien
thiejë	knife
thiejmë	we break
thienë	goat
thierë	knife
thieri	Thierry
thierinë	the beast
thiesht	simply
thieshtë	simple
thieshtinë	simplicity
thihej	was cold
thihetë	quiet
thik	knife
thika	knife
thikat	knives
thike	knife
thikë	knife
thikën	the knife
thikënë	the knife
thikëra	knives
thikësë	knife
thiket	knife
thikët	precipitously
thikëvet	knives
thile	buttonhole
thimiama	thyme
thimiamatë	mother-in-law
thimiamë	incense
thimiamën	incense
thimiamënë	frankincense
thimiamësë	incense
thimias	thyme
thimiasënë	thyme
thimiatarin	the insurer
thimiato	smell
thimiaton	it smells
thimiatoret	incense burners
thimiatorët	incense burners
thimjamë	soot
thimjamëra	smut
thimjamësë	soot
thimjamëtë	smoky
thimjamëvet	incense sticks
thimjatis	smoke
thimjaton	it smokes
thingjij	things
thingjijvet	things
thingjill	sound
thinjat	Graying
thinjem	go gray
thinjeni	gray hairs
thinjur	Grizzly
Thinosë	Thino
thiqej	knife
thiqenë	knife
Thirasi	Thiras
thiri	called
thirr	Call
thirra	cried
thirre	Call
thirrë	call
thirrej	called
thirrëm	Call me
thirren	INVITED
thirrën	cried
thirreni	Call
thirrësë	callers
thirresh	been called
thirret	CALLED
thirrët	call
thirrëtë	call
thirri	cried
thirrit	call
thirrja	call
thirrje	call
thirrjen	CALL
thirrjes	call
thirrjeve	CALL
thirrmën	call me
thirrmëni	call me
thirrnë	call
thirrni	CALL
thirrtë	call
thirrtura	call
thirrturë	called
thirrturit	the called ones
thirrturitë	the calls
thirrun	call
thirrunë	they called
thirrunit	call
thirrur	CALLED
thirrurit	calling
thirrurve	called out
Thirtsah	Tirzah
thirturat	the calls
thirturë	called
thirturitë	the callouses
thish	you say
thisi	say
thisiastir	thisiastir
thisiastirë	thisiastir
thisiastiret	thisiastir
thisiastiri	thisiastir
thisiastirio	thisiastirio
thisiastirit	thisiastir
thisira	thistle
thisisastirit	thisisastirit
thit	suck
thitë	shall say
thith	suck
thithe	Suck
thithë	teat
thithënë	snort
thithësh	suck
thithijënë	nipple
thithin	absorb
thithinë	nipple
thithnë	suck
thithunë	nipple
thithur	sucked
thithurë	nipple
Thiu	pig
thivet	knives
Thjatirësë	Pronouns
thjerrëza	lentil
thjesht	JUST
thjeshtë	SIMPLE
thjeshtësi	simplicity
thjeshtësia	simplicity
thjeshtësinë	simplicity
thjeshti	lowly
thjeshtit	simpleminded
thjine	you
Thmari	Thmari
thoë	Thoen
Thogarmai	Thogarmai
thohei	say
thohenë	they say
thoheshin	they were saying
thohet	said nor
thohetë	it is said
thoi	fingernail
thoja	tell
thojeni	say it
thojmëni	say it
thojni	say
thojtë	say
thom	I say
Thoma	Thomas
Thomai	Thomas
Thomait	Thomas
Thomanë	Thomann
thomi	say
thon	SAY
thonë	SAY
thoni	SAY
thonia	nail
thonin	They say
Thoniu	Tell me.
thonj	clutches
thonjës	nails
thonjtë	nails
thorake	thoracic
thosh	say
thosha	say
thoshe	you said
thoshë	I say
thoshëm	we said
thoshetë	you said
thoshëtë	you said
thoshiem	we said
thoshim	say
thoshin	They said
thoshinë	they said
thoshit	say
thoshitë	you said
thoshn	they say
thoshnë	they say
thoshnja	saying
thoshnje	saidst
thoshte	said
thoshtë	said
thot	SAYS
thote	says
thotë	says
thriamvevsi	thriamvevsi
thrime	three
thrimet	horrors
thrimetë	third
thrres	call
thu	you
thua	claw
thuaç	hammer
thuaj	SAY
thuaja	Tell
Thuaje	Tell him/her
thuaji	SAY
Thuajini	Tell
thuajmë	we say
Thuajmëni	Tell me.
thuajna	tell us
thuajni	say
thuaju	TELL
Thuamë	Tell me
thuani	tell
thuash	SPEAK the
thue	say
thuei	you said
thueja	I was talking.
thuesh	you say
thuhej	stated
thuhen	spoken
thuhenë	they say
thuheshin	was said
thuheshnë	you say
thuhet	RECITED
thuhetë	it is said
thuhishnë	in a hurry
thui	thuin
thumb	wisecrack
thumba	rivets
thumbi	The sting
thumbon	bites
thumbonin	taunted
Thumim	Thummim
Thumimët	Thummim
Thumimin	Thum'mim
Thummim	Thummim
Thummimet	The Thummims
thundra	hoof
thundrat	hooves
thundrë	hoof
thundrën	hoof
thundrënë	hoof
thupër	birch
thupra	withe
thuprat	sticks
thuprën	rod
thur	knit
thurake	knitting
thurakë	thorn
thurakeje	Tukaj
thuraken	knit
thurakësë	needlewoman
thurë	compose
thurën	platted
thurësh	weave
thuretë	knitting
thurëtë	knitted
thuri	wrought
thurim	knitting
thurin	weave
thurini	knit
thurjënë	the needle
thurnë	knit
thurni	Accompanying Yourselves
thurur	KNITTED
thurura	Braided
thururë	knitted
thush	you say
Thuvall	Thuvall
Thuvalli	Thuvalli
Thyaterë	Theater
thye	dashed
thyei	broke
thyej	break
thyeja	Break
thyejë	wreck
thyejinë	the broken one
thyejmë	break
thyejnë	break
thyejsh	break
thyejua	broke
thyem	broke
thyeme	break
thyemit	break
thyen	breaks
thyenë	broken
thyeni	break
thyenin	breaking
thyeninë	the fracture
thyenj	break
thyenjç	broken
thyenjë	break
thyenjënë	broken one
thyente	break
thyer	BROKEN
thyera	breaking
thyerat	broken
thyerë	breaking
thyeret	broken
thyerët	the broken ones
thyerëtë	broken
thyerinë	the brokenness
thyerje	BREACH
thyerjen	the break
thyerjes	VIOLATION
thyerjet	breaches
thyesh	Breaking
thyhen	broken
thyhenë	broken
thyhesh	smash
thyheshin	breaking
thyhet	smash
thyhetë	broken
thyhi	break
thymiamë	incense burner
ti	IT
tia	you
tiatër	theater
tiatëra	theater
tiatërë	theater
Tiatirë	Thyatira
Tiatirës	Thyatira
tiatra	theater
tiatrazi	tiatrasia
tiatrë	theater
tiatrënë	theatrics
tiatrësë	theater
tiatrët	theaters
tiatri	theater
tiatrinë	thyatrine
tiatrit	thyatrite
Tiberiada	Tiberias
Tiberiadës	Tiberias
Tiberiadësë	Tiberias
Tiberit	Tiberius
Tiberiu	Tiberius
Tibhath	From Tibhath
Tibni	Tibni
Tibnin	Tibni
Tibnit	Tibni
Tidealit	Tidal
tiegullari	the glutton
tiegullarit	the_gull_bird
tiegullash	bowl
tiera	tier
tierash	tier
tierat	tiers
tieratë	tier
tieravet	the world
tierë	Tier
tierësh	tier
tierët	the others
tierëtë	third
tierëve	tiers
tierëvet	tiers
tietër	third
tietëra	other
tietërazi	indirectly
tietëre	third
tietërë	third
tietërënë	third
tietërësë	another
tietëret	others
tietëri	third
tietërin	the third
tietërinë	the third
tietërit	others
tietra	third
tietrazi	somehow
tietrë	theater
tietrën	the theater
tietrënë	the third
tietrës	theater
tietrësë	third
tietrët	the theater
tietri	third
tietrin	theater
tietrinë	theater
tietrit	third
Tifsahu	Tiphsah
Tifsahun	Tiphsah
tigan	frying pan
tiganë	pans
tiganët	pots
tigër	tiger
Tiglath	Tiglath
Tigri	tiger
Tigris	Tigris
Tihikoi	Tychicus
Tihikoit	Tychicus
Tihikonë	Tychicus
tij	HIS
tija	HIS
tijat	hIS
tijën	His own
tijët	His own
tijnë	a targeted
tijtë	His own
tijve	his wiles
Tikiku	Tychicus
Tikikun	Tych'icus
Tikvahut	Tikvah
tila	such
tilatë	tilat
tilavet	tilawat
Tilgath	Tilgath
tili	Tilia
tiliksi	tilix
tiliksnë	tilixne
tiliksurë	tilixura
tilinë	the tree
tilit	Tilia
tilla	SUCH
tillat	those are of
tillë	such
tillënë	such
tillësh	Till
tillëtë	such
tillëvet	such
tilli	such
tillin	Tilli
tillinë	such
Tiloni	Tilon
tim	my
Timah	Timah
Timath	Timothy
time	my
timë	laid down my
timen	mine
timenë	mine
Timeosë	Timaeus
Timeut	Timaeus
timi	tion
timin	mine
timit	TION
Timna	tIMNE
Timnafu	Timnaph
Timnah	Timna
Timnahu	Timnah
Timnahun	Shocho
Timnahut	Timnath
Timnath	Timnath
Timnathahun	Timnathah
Timnathë	Timnath
Timnathësë	Timnathès
timnë	mine
timon	wheel
Timonë	Timone
timonëve	rudder oars
timonieri	helmsman
timonierin	the helmsman
Timonin	Timon
timonit	STEERING
timosurë	thymus gland
Timote	Timothy
Timoteu	Timothy
Timoteun	Timothy
Timoteut	Timothy
Timothe	Timothy
Timothenë	Timothy
Timotheo	Timothy
Timotheoi	Timothy
Timotheoit	Timothy
Timotheonë	Timothy
Timotheu	Timothy
Timotheut	Timothy
timpanit	tambourine
timtë	mine
tinëz	stealthily
tinëzarë	insidious
tinëzi	deceit
tinëzisht	stealthily
tinëzitë	plots
tingëllimin	voice
tingëlloi	sounded
tingëllojnë	sound
tingëllon	sound
tingëlluese	sonorous
tinguj	SOUND
tingujt	sound
tingujve	sounds
tingull	sound
tingulli	SOUND
tingullin	Sound
tingullit	Sound
tiparet	FeatureS
tiponë	type
tiposurë	typeface
Tir	Tyre
Tiran	tyrant
tiranëve	tyrants
tirani	TYRANNY
tiranin	tyrant
tiranit	Tyrannus
Tirannit	Tyrant
Tirasi	Tiras
Tirasin	Tiras
tirasit	Tyrians
tirathenjtë	Tyrannosaurus
tirë	vat
tirët	vat
Tirhakahu	Tirhakah
Tirhakahun	Tharaca
Tirhakahunë	Tirhakahuna
Tirhanahun	Tirhanah
tiri	Tire
Tiria	Tyre
Tiridhe	Tiridh
Tiriishte	Tirishte
Tiriot	Tiriot
Tirit	Tire
tirk	Turk
Tiro	Tire
Tiroja	Tire
Tiron	Tire
Tiros	Tire
Tirosë	Tyre
Tirtsah	Tirzah
Tirtsahu	Tirzah
Tirtsahun	Tirzah
Tirtsahut	Tirzah
Tirua	Tiru
tishbiti	Tish'bite
tishbitit	Thesbite
tit	TOT
Titi	Titus
Titin	Titus
Titit	TITUS
Titoja	Tito
Titonë	Titon
Titos	Tito
Titosë	Tito
Titrtsahu	Tirzah
Titsiti	Tizite
Titua	Title
titull	title
titullë	title
titulli	TITLE
titullin	title
Tiveriadha	Tiberias
Tiveriadhësë	Thieves
Tiverioit	Tiberioites
tjatër	for spreading
tjatëra	other
tjatërë	for spreading
tjatërënë	the other
tjatërësë	others
tjatëri	other
tjatërin	the other
tjatërinë	the rest
tjatërit	others
tjegulla	tiling
tjegullat	tile
tjegullave	tiles
tjera	other
tjerat	REST
tjeratë	others
tjerave	other
tjeravet	others
tjerë	other
tjerënë	the other
tjerësh	others
tjerët	others
tjerëtë	others
tjerëve	OTHERS
tjerëvet	others
tjerrin	weave
tjers	other
tjetër	other
tjetëra	other
tjetërat	others
tjetërë	other
tjetërënë	the other
tjetëri	another man
tjetërinë	the other
tjetërishte	otherwise
tjetërit	another man
tjetërkujt	else
tjetërkush	someone else
tjetra	the other
tjetre	another one
tjetrën	other
tjetrës	OTHER WOMAN
tjetri	other
tjetrin	ANOTHER
tjetrit	ANOTHER
tmerohi	be afraid
tmeronetë	horror
tmerr	horror
tmerre	fear
tmerrësisht	terribly
tmerret	fears
tmerreve	horrors
tmerri	CRUELTY
tmerrin	Fear
tmerrit	CRUELTY
tmerro	dismayed
tmerrofshin	troubled
tmerroftë	be terrified
tmerrohen	they are terrified
tmerrohesh	you are terrified
tmerroi	terrified
tmerrojë	terrify
Tmerroji	Terrify them.
tmerrojmë	we terrify
tmerron	terrifiest
tmerroni	terrified
tmerronte	terrified
tmerrshëm	horribly
tmerrshme	terrible
tmerrshmi	Terrible
tmerrshmit	feared
tmerrua	terrified
tmerruam	we were terrified
tmerruan	terrified
tmerruar	terrified
tmerruara	terrified
to	them
Toahut	Toahut
Tobadonijah	Tob
Tobiahu	Tobiah
Tobiahun	Tobiah
Tobiahut	Tobiah
Tobijah	Tobiah
Tobit	Tob
toçitin	tochit
Tofelit	Tophel
Tofet	Topheth
Tofethin	Topheth
Tofeti	Topheth
Tofetit	Topheth
tog	heap
Togarmahu	gar'mah
Togarmahut	Togarmah
togje	heaps
togjeve	clusters
togu	heap
togun	heap
Tohut	Tohu
Toi	Toi
Toin	Toi
tok	together
toka	Earth
tokat	LANDS
tokave	LANDS
toke	LAND
tokë	EARTH
tokën	LAND
tokënë	the earth
Tokeni	token
tokës	earth
tokësë	land
tokësor	TERRESTRIAL
tokësore	GROUND
tokësorë	earthly
tokësorët	earthy
tokësori	earthy
tokësorit	earthy
toket	common-lands
tokët	earth
tokëza	Buckle
Tokhathit	Tikvath
tokt	earth
Tola	Tola
Tolad	Tholad
tolaitëve	Tolaitians
tolerancë	tolerance
Tolit	Tola
Tolla	Toll
tombruk	tombstone
tona	OUR
tonat	ours
tonatë	ours
tonë	OUR
tonën	OURS I
tonëtë	ours
tonin	tone
tonit	tone
tonsurën	shave
top	ball
topaz	topaz
topaze	topaz
topazë	topaz
topazi	topaz
topazin	beryl
topazit	beryl
topitet	dull
topitjeje	deep sleep
topuz	mace
topuzët	buns
Topuzi	His club
torbë	saddlebag
torbën	bag
torën	Torah
torrovilet	the torrovil
tortura	torture
torturat	torture
torturë	torture
torturën	torture
torturonte	tormenting
torturuan	tortured
torturuesit	torturers
torturuesve	tormentors
toruan	temper
torvë	peat
Tou	You
Toun	Tou
tra	joist
tradhëti	treason
tradhtar	TRAITORS
tradhtarë	traitors
tradhtarësh	treacherous
tradhtarët	traitors
Tradhtari	The traitor
tradhti	treason
tradhtia	adultery
tradhtinë	treachery
tradhtitë	treachery
tradhto	betray
tradhtohej	betrayed
tradhtohet	betrayed
tradhtoi	betrayed
tradhtojë	betray
tradhtojnë	betrayed
tradhton	betrays
tradhtonte	betrayed
tradhtova	I betrayed
tradhtuan	treacherously
tradhtuar	betrayed
tradicionale	traditional
tradita	tradition
traditat	TRADITIONS
traditave	traditions
traditë	TRADITION
traditën	TRADITION
traditës	tradition
trafikantët	traffickers
Trahenitides	Trachenitides
Trahonisë	Treason
trajstë	neat
trajta	shape
trajtë	shape
trajtën	shape
trajtim	treatment
trajtimin	treatment
trajtoftë	treat you
trajtohemi	treated
trajtohen	are treated
trajtoheshin	treated
trajtohet	treated
trajtoi	Treat
trajtoj	treat
trajtoje	treat
trajtojë	deal
Trajtoji	Treated
trajtojmë	treat
trajtojnë	treat
trajtojsh	treat
trajtomë	Treat
trajton	treats
trajtoni	treat
trajtonin	treat
trajtonte	deal
trajtosh	Dealing
trajtova	dealt
trajtove	dealt
trajtuan	treated
trajtuar	treated
Trakonitidës	Trachonitis
trakulloi	he/she/it was a joke
trakulloj	to wander
trakullon	I am tired.
trakulloni	troll
trakulluem	I was scared.
trambuk	tram
trand	trend
trande	Trand
trandem	train
tranden	trendy
trandet	Trand
tranë	Trane
transferoi	transferred
transferuan	transferred
transferuar	transferred
transformohemi	transformed
transformohet	transform
transformohuni	transformed
transformojë	transform
transformosh	transform
transkriptuara	copied
transmetova	delivered
transmetua	broadcast
transmetuar	Reported
transparent	transparent
transportimin	transportation
transportimit	TRANSPORT
transportin	transport
transportit	TRaNSPORT
transportoi	transported
transportoj	transport
transportojnë	transport
transporton	transports
transportonin	transporting
transportonit	carried about
transportuan	transported
transportuar	transported
trap	dumbbell
trapezet	trapezes
trarë	timber
trarësh	beams
trarët	beams
trari	beam
trarin	beam
trash	thicken
trasha	thick
trashë	Fat
trashëgim	heredity
trashëgime	inheritances
trashëgimi	LEGACY
trashëgimia	INHERITANCE
trashëgimie	heritage
trashëgimin	heritage
trashëgiminë	hERITAGE
trashëgimisë	heritage
trashëgimit	inheritance
trashëgimitë	legacies
trashëgimlënësi	testator
trashëgimlënësit	testator
trashëgimn	inheritance
trashëgimnë	inheritance
trashëgimt	inheritance
trashëgimtar	heir
trashëgimtarë	heirs
trashëgimtarët	HEIRS
trashëgimtarëve	INHERITANCE
trashëgimtari	heir
trashëgimtarin	heir
trashëgo	inherit
trashëgoi	inherited
trashëgoj	inherit
trashëgojë	inherit
trashëgojënë	heir
trashëgojeni	inherit it
trashëgojmë	inherit
trashëgojnë	inherit
trashëgojsh	inherit
trashëgonenë	hereditary
trashëgoni	inherit
trashëgonj	inherit
trashëgonjç	heir
trashëgonjë	heir
trashëgonjën	the heir
trashëgonjënë	heiress
trashëgonte	inherit
trashëgosh	possession
Trashëgova	inherited
trashëguan	inherited
trashëguanë	inherited
trashëguar	inherited
trashëguarë	heirs
trashëguat	heirs
trashësia	thickness
trashësinë	thickness
trashigim	Legacy
trashigimi	heritage
trashigimin	inheritance
trashigiminë	heritage
trashigimit	inheritance
trashigimt	inheritance
trashigimtar	The closest living relative
trashigimtarë	heirs
trashigimtarët	the heirs
trashigimtarëtë	the heirs
trashigimtari	successor
trashigimtarin	the heir
trashigimtoret	heiresses
trashigoimë	we inherited
trashigoj	inherit
trashigojënë	inherit
trashigojsh	inherit
trashigon	inherits
trashigoni	inherit
Trashigova	I inherited
trashiguem	inheritance
trashiguenë	hereditament
trashur	thickened
trasta	bag
trastat	sacks
trastave	sacks
traste	bag
trastë	sack
trastën	sack
trastës	sack
trathtohei	traitor
trathtohet	is treated
trathtohetë	treated
trathtoi	betrayed
trathtojë	betray
trathton	betrays
trathtorë	traitors
trathtuem	treated
trathtuer	betrayed
trathtumë	treatment
trau	beam
traun	beam
traversa	tie
traversat	bars
trazim	kneading
trazimi	confusion
trazimit	Mixing
trazira	riot
trazirash	riot
trazirat	RIOTS
trazirë	riot
trazirën	turmoil
trazo	stir
trazohej	troubled
trazoheni	troubled
trazohet	disturbed
trazojë	stir
trazojnë	agitate
trazonenë	trazonene
trazonte	bothered
trazuaç	troublemaker
trazuanë	they are agitated
trazuar	Stirred
trazuarë	troubled
tre	THREE
tredhshin	castrate
tredhunë	three-way violence
tredhuni	castrate
tredhur	castrated
trefishojë	triple
treg	mARkET
tregëtar	commercial
tregëtarët	merchants
tregëtojsh	to trade
tregim	story
tregimi	story
tregimin	story
tregje	markets
tregjet	MArKets
tregjëtarë	merchants
tregjetarët	merchants
tregjetarëtë	merchants
tregjetarëvet	merchants
tregjeti	market
tregjetia	trade
tregjetie	trade
tregjetit	the market
tregjetoni	sell
tregjëtoni	tell me
tregjetonjënë	our market
tregjetuem	commercial
tregjevet	markets
trego	shows
tregoftë	shew
tregohej	showed
tregohem	dawn
tregohemi	shew
tregohen	LAID
tregohenë	are shown
tregohesh	shew
tregohesha	I was showing off
tregoheshin	were shown
tregohet	show
tregohu	Be
tregohuni	Be
tregoi	showed
tregoj	TELL
tregoja	tell
Tregojani	Tell
Tregoje	Tell me.
tregojë	tell
tregojënë	show
Tregojeni	Tell
tregojmë	SHOW
tregojnë	show
tregoju	REASSURE
tregojuni	Tell
tregomë	tell me
tregomëni	tell me
tregon	shows
Tregona	Shew
tregoni	TELL
tregonin	EXERCISING
tregonit	show to
tregonj	tell
tregonjç	tell
tregonjë	tell
tregonjën	they told
tregonjënë	tell me
tregonte	showed
tregosh	SHOW
tregova	told
tregove	magnified
tregt	market
tregtar	COMMERCIAL
tregtare	COMMERCIAL
tregtarë	TRADE
tregtarësh	Dealer
tregtarët	DEALERS
tregtarëve	DEALER
tregtari	MERCHANT
tregti	TradE
tregtia	Business
tregtie	commerce
tregtinë	trade
tregtisë	trade
tregtojmë	and sell
tregtojnë	trade
Tregtoni	Trade
tregtonin	traded
tregtonte	merchant
tregtuar	marketed
tregu	MArKet
tregua	shown
treguam	we showed
treguan	INDICATED
treguanë	telltale
treguar	TOLD
treguarë	tale
treguari	telling
treguat	showed
treguem	we showed
treguen	they showed
tregues	INDExES
treguese	Index
tregut	MARKET
treje	three
trekëmbësh	tripod
trekëmbëshi	gallows
trekëmbëshin	gallows
trem	fear
tremb	shoo
trëmb	frightened
trëmbçë	trumpet
trembë	scare
trëmbe	shoo
trembëdhietë	thirteenth
trembëdhietinë	the terror
trembëdhjetë	thirteen
trembëdhjetëtë	the thirteenth
trembëdhjeti	thirteenth
trëmbej	feared
trëmbejn	they are afraid
trëmbejnë	they are afraid
trëmbëjnë	they scare
trëmbëlakë	cowardly
trembem	quail
trëmbem	quail
trembemi	intimidated
trëmbemi	daunted
tremben	fear
trembën	terrified
trëmbenë	I am afraid.
trembeni	startled
trëmbeni	fear
trembesh	fear
trembësh	frighten
trembet	fear
trembetë	fright
trëmbetë	trumpet
trembi	frightened
trëmbi	terrify
trembin	frighten
trëmbishnë	scary
trëmbnë	afraid
trembni	Fear
trëmbni	Fear
trembnin	afraid
trembshin	they are scared
trembte	scare
trëmbu	scared
trembur	FEARFUL
trembura	fearful
trëmburë	scared
trëmçë	thorn
tremem	I am afraid.
tremen	canopy
tremenë	trembling
tremes	vestibule
tremet	vestibule
tremi	fear
tremijë	three thousand
Tremja	Fear
tremnë	I am afraid.
trëmnë	evening
tremni	be afraid
trëmni	tremble
tremp	tremp
trempnë	trempne
trëmpnë	shy
tremun	I'm scared.
tremunë	fear
trëndafili	pink
treqind	three hundred
treqint	three hundred
tresh	threesome
treshe	leash
treshen	Troika
treshes	Troika
tret	THIRD
treta	THIRD
tretat	thirds
trete	third
tretë	digest
tretem	decompose
tretemi	consumed
treten	third
tretën	third
tretenë	digest
tretënë	third
treteni	perish
tretësë	solvent
treteshin	wasted
tretet	digest
tretët	THIRD PARTIES
tretetë	third
treti	third
tretin	third
tretinë	third
tretit	third
tretunë	third
tretur	dissolved
treturë	wasted
treturit	the soluble
treve	Trinity
trevet	the regions
trevjeçar	THREE YEAR
trevjeçare	three-year-old
tri	ON three
tria	three
triandafil	triandafil
tribunal	tribunals
tribunë	scaffold
tribunën	debate
tribunët	commanders
tribuni	tribunitian
tribunin	tribune
tribunit	tribune
tridhiet	three
tridhietë	thirty-one
tridhjet	thirty
tridhjetë	thirty
tridhjetedytë	thirtieth
tridhjetëfish	thirty
tridhjetenëntë	thirty-nine
tridhjetenjëtë	thirty
tridhjetët	thirty
tridhjetetetë	thirty
tridhjetëve	thirty
Trifenën	Tryphaena
Trifenës	Tryphena
Trifenësë	Tryphena
Trifosësë	Tryphos
Trifozën	Tryphosena
Trifozës	Tryphosa
trikotazh	knitwear
trikotazhi	woof
trikotazhin	woof
trillimet	fabrications
trillon	invents
trilluar	fiction
trillues	Impostor
trim	brave
trima	valiant
trimat	The warriors
trimatë	brave
trimave	brave
trimavet	brave men
trimëni	be brave
trimënisë	bravery
trimëri	bravery
trimëria	bravery
trimërie	courage
trimërim	consolation
trimërinë	bravery
trimërisë	valor
trimërisht	bravely
trimëritë	might
trimërive	might,
trimëruar	encouraged
trimi	brave
trimin	brave
trimit	Brave
trimnë	brave
trimoshi	brave
trimshor	brave
trimshorëtë	brave men
trimshori	brave
trimshorit	brave men
trimshuar	brave
tringëllinjënë	triangle
tringëllojnë	tinkling
triomfoi	triumphed
triomfuem	we triumphed
trirë	Trier
trirën	the three
trirësë	threesome
trirët	three
trishë	sad
trishtim	sadness
trishtimi	sorrow
trishtimin	sorrow
trishtimit	affliction
trishto	sad
trishtohen	grieved
trishtoheni	sorrow
trishtohesha	I was sad.
trishtohet	grieved
trishtoi	saddened
trishtoj	sadden
trishtoni	grieve
trishtonin	they were sad
trishtonjënë	sad
trishtua	sad
trishtuan	vexed
trishtuar	sad
trishtuara	sad
trishtuat	sorry
trishtueshme	sad
tristim	sadness
tristimi	sadness
tristimnë	sadness
tristo	sad
tristoi	saddened
tristonjç	sad
tristonjë	tristy
tristonjënë	tristy
tristuanë	sad
tristuarë	sad
triumfi	triumph
Triumfoi	Lest
triumfoj	triumph
triumfojë	PREVAIL
triumfojnë	triumph
triumfon	triumphs
triumfosh	triumph
triumfues	triumphant
trivole	trifle
Troada	Troad
Troadë	Troas
Troadësë	Troas
Troadha	Troad
Troadhë	Troad
Troas	Troas
Troasi	Troas
troçillavet	trochillaves
troditet	shake
Trofemi	Trophy
Trofim	Trophim
Trofimi	Trophimus
Trofimin	Trophimus
Trofimoi	Trophimoi
Trofimonë	Trophimon
Trogjil	Trogyl
Trogjili	Trogyl
Trogylli	Trogyll
trohon	it beats
trojet	Sites
Trojilë	Troilus
trokas	knock
trokasë	pounding
trokëllinin	clattered
troket	knocking
trokisni	tap
trokiste	knocking
trokiti	knocked
trokitni	tap
trokull	winepress
trokulla	drum
trokullat	drums
trokullës	drummer
trokullon	knocks
trokulloni	knock
trokulluem	we rolled
trokut	Trotter
tromaks	tromax
tromaksnë	tromaxne
tromaksurë	trombone
tromara	tromara
trondiste	shake
trondit	Shocks
tronditë	shake
tronditej	shocked
tronditem	kitten
tronditen	shaken
tronditën	shocked
tronditet	shock
tronditi	shook
tronditje	thrill
tronditjen	Shocker
tronditni	Shaken
tronditnin	stirring
trondittë	troubled
tronditur	shocked
tropo	trope
trothnë	in the toilet
truall	GROUND
trualli	Lot
truallt	completely
trubëllon	it disturbs
trubëllove	you are a troublemaker
trubullë	bubble
trubullim	blurred
trubullime	disturbances
trubullimi	trouble
trubullimit	trouble
trubullimnë	in the storm
trubullohetë	confused
trubullohi	tumblr ash
trubulloi	thundered
trubullojnë	confuse
trubullon	it's disturbing
trubullonetë	trubolone
trubulluanë	trubulluan
trubulluarë	troubled
trubulluem	we were troubled
truelënë	true
truell	soil
truen	TRUE
trullos	freak
trum	dust
trumbeta	trumpets
trumbetarët	trumpeters
trumbetarëve	trumpeters
trumbetat	trumpets
Trumbetatshpesh	Trumpets often
trumbetave	trumpets
trumbetavet	trumpets
trumbete	trumpets
trumbetë	trumpet
trumbetën	trumpet
trumbetënë	the trumpet
trumbetës	trumpeter
trumbetësë	trumpet
trumbeto	trumpeting
trumbullohetë	to be shaken
trumbullonetë	trumpet
trumbullonjë	trumpet
trumcaku	wren
trumpete	trumpet
trung	skid
trungje	timber
trungu	trunk
trungun	trunk
trup	body
trupa	BODIES
trupat	TROUPES
trupatë	troops
trupave	CORPS
trupë	troupe
trupën	corps
trupënatë	body
trupërisht	bodily
trupet	body
trupi	BODY
trupin	the body
trupinë	the body
trupit	body
trupmadh	burly
trupmëdhenj	lustful
trupor	PHYSICAL
trupore	bodily
truprojës	bodyguard
trurin	brains
truveza	truffle
truvezarëtë	earthworms
truvezarëvet	the truvezzars
truvezat	the truves
truvezatë	wise man
truvezë	brain
truvezën	the egg
truvezënë	brain egg
truvezësë	brain teasers
truvezët	the truves
tryeza	Roundtable
tryezat	MEETINGS
tryezë	tABlE
tryezën	TABLE
tryezës	TABLE
Tryfainës	Tryphaina
Tryfosësë	Tryphosa
Tsaanaimit	Zaanaim
Tsaananit	Zaanan
Tsadok	Zadok
Tsadoku	Zadok
Tsadokun	Zadok
Tsadokut	Zadok
Tsafon	northward
Tsafoni	Zaphon
Tsair	Zair
Tsalafit	Salafi
Tsalebit	Caleb
Tsalmon	Psalm
Tsalmonah	Zalmonah
Tsalmonahu	Zalmonah
Tsalmoni	Psalm
Tsalmuna	Zalmun'na
Tsalmunai	Salmana
Tsalmunain	Salmana
Tsalmunait	Salmana
Tsarethanit	Zarthan
Tsartanit	Zaretan
Tsebaimi	Zebaim
Tseboim	Zeboim
Tseboimi	Zeboiim
Tseboimit	Seboim
Tsedad	Zedad
Tsedek	Zedek
Tsefath	Zephath
Tsefathahut	Zephathah
Tsefoi	Zephi
Tsefoni	Zephon
Tsefonit	ze'phon
tsefonitëve	Zephonites
Tselah	Zela
Tselahu	Zela
Tselek	Zelek
Tseleku	Zelek
Tselihadit	Zelophehad
Tselofehad	Zelophehad
Tselofehadi	Zelophehad
Tselofehadit	Zelophehad
Tseltsah	Zelzah
Tsemaraimi	Zemaraim
Tsemaraimit	Zemaraim
tsemarenjtë	donkeys
Tsenani	Tsenani
Tserahut	Zererah
Tserajahut	Zeruiah
Tseredahut	Zeredathah
Tseredës	Zereda
Tsereth	Tseret
Tserethi	Zereth
Tseri	Zer
Tserorit	Becorath
Tseruah	Zeruah
Tserujah	Zeruiah
Tserujahës	Zeruiah
Tserujahut	Zeruiah
Tsiba	Ziba
Tsiban	Ziba
Tsibas	Ziba
Tsibeoni	Zibeon
Tsibeonit	Zibeon
Tsibia	Zibia
Tsibiah	Zibyah
Tsidimi	Ziddim
Tsifioni	Ziphion
Tsiha	Ziha
Tsihas	Ziha
Tsiklag	Siceleg
Tsiklagu	Ziklag
Tsiklagun	Ziklag
Tsiklagut	Ziklag
Tsilethaj	Zilthai
Tsillethai	Zillethai
Tsin	Tsin
Tsinit	Zin
Tsiori	Zi'or
Tsiporit	Zippor
Tsitsit	Ziz
Tsoan	Zoan
Tsoanit	Tanis
Tsoar	Zoar
Tsoari	Zoar
Tsobahu	Zobah
Tsobahut	Soba
Tsobas	Zoba
Tsobebahu	Zobebah
Tsodak	Zadok
Tsofahu	Zophah
Tsofahut	Zophah
Tsofari	Zophar
Tsofimit	watchmen's field
Tsofini	Tsofini
Tsohari	Zohar
Tsorah	Zorah
Tsorahu	Zorah
Tsorahun	Zorah
Tsorahut	Zorah
tsorathenjve	tsorathenes
tsorathitët	came the Zareathites
Tsoreahu	Zorah
tsorenjtë	the gods
Tsuarit	Suar
Tsuf	had two wives
Tsufit	Zuph
Tsur	Zur
Tsuri	Zur
Tsurieli	Zuriel
Tsurin	Zur
Tsurishadait	Zurishaddai
Tsurit	Zur
tu	your
tua	your
tuai	you
tuaia	yours
tuaj	YOUR
tuaja	YOUR
tuajat	yours
tuajatë	yours
tuajën	yours
tuajin	do yours
tuajnë	yours
tuajt	of you
tuajtë	yours
tuarë	yours
tuat	yours
tuatë	yours
tub	pipe
tuba	Tuban
Tubal	Tubal
Tubali	Tubal
Tubalin	Tubal
Tubalit	Tubal
Tuball	Tubal
tubë	tuba
tubën	tuba
tubësë	pipe
tubim	rally
Tubimet	DEMONSTRATIONS
tubimin	rally
tue	you
tuei	you
tueinë	tuine
tueja	Twain
tuejash	yours
tuejatë	yours
tuejënë	yours
tuerr	turn
tuerrnë	tour
tuf	bunch
tufa	batches
tufan	windstorm
tufash	junctions
tufat	Flocks
tufatë	flock
tufave	flocks
tufavet	flocks
tufe	bundle
tufë	clutch
tufeje	herd
tufën	clutch
tufënë	herd
tufës	Tufa
tufësë	flock
tufët	the flocks
tufëvet	the flocks
tufëz	wisp
tufëza	clusters
tui	you
tuja	yours
tujën	yours
tuk	tusk
tuke	tuke
tulatur	quieted
tulla	BRICK
tullac	bald
tullace	bald
tullaci	bald
tullash	brick
Tullat	bricks
tullave	brick
tunça	brass
tunçinë	brass
tund	shake
Tunde	shake
tundë	wave
tundei	shook
tundej	heave
tundem	waddle
tundemi	we shake
tunden	wave
tundën	they shook
tundenë	shake
tundësh	shake
tundeshin	waved
tundet	shake
tundetë	wave
tundi	shook
tundim	temptation
tundime	temptations
tundimet	temptations
tundimi	temptation
tundimin	temptation
tundimit	temptation
tundin	shake
tundinë	shake
tundnë	shake
tundni	shake
tundnin	waved
tundo	tempt
tundohej	tempted
tundohen	are tempted
tundoheni	you are tempted
tundohesh	you are tempted
tundohet	tempted
tundoi	tempted
tundoj	lure
tundojë	tempt
tundojmë	tempt
tundojnë	tempted
tundon	tempts
tundoni	tempt
tundonin	tempt
tundonte	tempted
tundtë	shake
tundua	tempted
tunduan	tempted
tunduar	tempted
tunduesi	tempter
tundun	tempted
tundunë	sway
tundur	brandishing
tundura	stablish
tundurë	shaken
Tungjatjeta	Goodbye
tunika	coats
tunikat	tunics
tunikë	tunic
tunikën	tunic
tunt	bang
tuntnë	tuntne
tuntni	shake
tuntnjë	one-two
tuntnjënë	one by one
tuntshinë	tunshina
tunttë	t
tupërofshin	they are arrogant
tura	ture
turbëllimi	turbulence
turbëllohe	be confused
turbëllohi	turmoil
turbimi	turbidity
turbiminë	the turbidity
Turbina	turbines
turbullim	dimness
turbullimi	turbidity
turbullimit	Obfuscation
turbullira	blur
turbullo	Blur
turbullohen	blackish
turbullohi	stir up trouble
turbullojë	trouble
turbullojnë	trouble
turbullon	confounds
turbullosh	residue
turbullt	darkly
turbullua	cloudy
turbulluan	troubled
turbulluar	bleary
turbulluara	obfuscated
turbulluese	clamorous
ture	Turen
turea	tour
turënë	tour
turetë	tourniquet
turfullima	bluster
turfullimë	bluster
turfullojnë	gleefully
turi	TOUR
turizën	tourism
turm	crowd
turma	crowd
turmash	multitudes
turmat	crowd
turmatë	crowds
turmave	crowd
turmavet	crowds
turme	crowd
turmë	crowd
turmën	cROWD
turmënë	the crowd
turmëra	crowd
turmës	the crowd
turmësë	crowd
turmet	crowds
turmët	crowd
turmëtë	crowd
turmëvet	crowds
turne	TOURNAMENTS
turnet	tour
turnin	shift
turp	SHAME
turpçim	shame
turpçime	humiliation
turpëja	shame
turpëje	shame
turpëjen	shame
turpëjenë	shame on you
turpëjesë	shame
turpëni	shame
turpënia	shame
turpëniat	shame
turpëninë	shame
turpënisë	shame
turpëno	shame
turpënofsha	shameless child
turpënofshin	shame on them
turpënofshinë	shame on the child
turpënohem	I am ashamed.
turpënohemi	we are ashamed
turpënohen	they are ashamed
turpënohenë	they are ashamed
turpënohet	ashamed
turpënohetë	ashamed
turpënon	shameful
turpënonenë	shameless
turpënoni	shame
turpënova	I was ashamed.
turpënove	you were ashamed
turpënuem	ashamed
turpënuen	ashamed
turpënuenë	ashamed
Turpënuetë	Shame on you
turpënumë	I am ashamed.
turpërfoshin	they shame
turpëri	shame
turpëria	shame
turpërimin	reproaches
turpërin	shame
turpërinë	shame
turpërisë	shame
turpëritë	shame
turpëro	dishonor
turpërofsha	shameful
turpërofshin	shame
turpërofshinë	shamelessness
turpërohem	blush
turpërohemi	shame
turpërohen	they are ashamed
turpëroheni	Offended
turpërohesh	confounded
turpërohesha	ashamed
turpëroheshin	embarrased
turpërohet	shy
turpërohi	be ashamed
turpëroi	humiliated
turpëroj	humiliate
turpërojë	profane
turpëron	dishonours
turpëronem	I am ashamed.
turpëronemi	we are ashamed
turpëronen	they are ashamed
turpëronenë	shameful
turpëronesh	you are ashamed
turpëronetë	shameless
turpëroni	shame
turpëronishnë	shameful
turpëronjë	shame
turpëronte	shame
turpërosh	humiliating
turpërova	ashamed
turpërove	disgracing
turpërua	humiliated
turpëruaçë	shameful
turpëruan	shame
turpëruanë	they were ashamed
turpëruar	disgraced
turpëruarë	ashamed
Turpëruatë	Shameless
turpëruem	ashamed
turpet	lewdness
turpi	Turpin
turpin	shame
turpit	shame
turpn	shame
turpnë	shame
turpnofshinë	shameless
turpshëm	shameful
turpshime	shame
turpshme	embarrassing
turr	inrush
turre	stream
turrei	tower
turrej	rush
turren	run
turrën	rushed
turret	flush
turrnë	rush
turrur	lashing
turtuj	turtledoves
turtujsh	turtledoves
turtujt	turtledoves
turtull	turtledove
turtulleshës	turtledove
turtulli	turtle
turtullit	Turtulli
turvezarët	the turvezers
tush	shower
tut	tut
tutë	yours
tutem	all
tutet	yours
tutie	Tuti
tutje	NEXT
tutkunët	the thieves
tutorët	tutors
tutorëve	fiduciary
tuvezësë	egg tray
ty	thee
Tyhiku	The wind
Tyhikun	Tyhikun
Tyhikunë	Tyhikun
Tyhikut	Tyhik
tyi	you
tyj	yours
tym	SMOKE
tymbana	drums
tymbanavet	chimney sweep
tymbanënë	the tympanum
tymi	SMOKE
tymim	fumigation
tymin	sMOKE
tymit	SMOKE
tymitunë	smoke
tymoi	smoked
tymon	smoky
tymonjç	smoke
tymonjë	smokestack
tymonjënë	smokestack
tymos	whiff
tymosë	burn
tymosësh	burn
tymoset	burned
tymosi	burned
tymosin	smoking
tymosni	smoked
tymosur	smoky
tympan	tympanum
tympana	tympanum
tympanavet	drums
tympanësë	tympanum
tymtar	chimney
tymtore	smokehouse
tyne	theirs
tynë	yours
Tyra	Tyra
Tyranni	Tyranny
Tyrasit	Tyrians
tyre	THEIR
Tyrë	Theirs
tyren	own
Tyrënë	Tyrone
Tyrës	Tyrese
Tyrësë	Tires
tyret	theirs
tyt	yours
tʼi	to
u	you
ua	Wow
uaj	onths
uarë	war
Ucieli	Oziel
Ucielit	Uz'ziel
udh	guidelin
udha	WAY
udhe	track
udhë	WAY
udhëheq	head
udhëheqë	lead
udhëheqës	leader
udhëheqësh	LEAD
udhëheqësi	LEADER
udhëheqësit	LEADER
udhëheqësve	MANAGERS
udhëheqin	lead
udhëheqje	leadership
udhëheqjen	CONDUCT
udhëhequr	LED
udhëhiq	lead
udhëhiqej	guided
udhëhiqemi	guided
udhëhiqen	guided
udhëhiqeni	guided
udhëhiqje	lead out
Udhëhiqmë	Guide me.
udhëhiqnin	Bucking
udhëhiqte	lead
udhëhoqe	you led
udhëhoqi	led the
udhëkruqëjë	crossroads
udhëkryqe	highways
udhëkryqet	intersections
udhën	WAY
udhënë	the way
udhëni	travel
udhënia	guidance
udhëniash	instructions
udhëniat	instructions
udhëniavet	instructions
udhënie	guidance
udhënin	they were traveling
udhëninë	the guidance
udhënis	guide
udhënisë	guidance
udhënit	travel
udhënitë	instructions
udhënivet	instructions
udhër	warrant
udhëra	directions in
udhëratë	journey
udhëravet	the roads
udhëri	The warrant
udhëria	the order
udhëriash	instructions
udhëriat	instructions
udhërie	instructions
udhërimet	precepts
udhërin	The warrant
udhërinë	the command
udhërisë	command
udhërit	The warrant
udhëritë	instructions
udhërivet	instructions
udhërrëfyes	guide
udhës	Way
udhësë	way
udhësh	rectilinear
udhet	track
udhët	track
udhëtar	traveler
udhëtarë	TRAVELER
udhëtarët	PASSENGERS
udhëtarëtë	travelers
udhëtari	traveler
udhëtarit	PASSENGER
udhëtë	roads
udhëtim	TRAVELING
udhëtime	TRAVELS
udhëtimet	TRIPS
udhëtimeve	trips
udhëtimi	JOURNEY
udhëtimin	TRIP
udhëtimit	TOURISM
udhëtoj	travel
udhëtojnë	traveling
udhëton	travels
udhëtonin	traveling
udhëtonte	tRAVELING
udhëtori	traveler
udhëtuan	traveled
udhëtuar	TRAVELING
udhëve	Paths
udhëvet	you go
udhëzime	GUIDELINES
udhëzoi	guided
udhëzojë	guide
udhëzojnë	guide
udhëzon	INSTRUCTS
udhëzoni	Teach
udhëzonin	guiding
udhëzua	instructed
udhëzuar	guided
udhëzues	guiding
udisem	I wonder.
Ueli	wali
UFARSIN	Divided
Ufazi	Ufaz
Ufazit	Uphaz
uj	Ele
uja	water
ujdhësa	island
ujdhesat	Isles
ujdhesavet	the islands
ujdhësë	ruler
ujdhësënë	the island
ujdhesët	islanders
ujdhësit	the islanders
ujdhëza	island
ujdi	bargain
ujdis	jibe
ujdisem	dress up
ujdisetë	bargains
ujdisim	arrangement
ujdisjëmë	let's arrange
uje	water
ujë	water
ujëdhës	water carrier
ujëdhësat	waterfalls
ujëdheset	groundwater
ujëdhëza	waterfall
ujëna	water
ujënash	water
ujënat	waters
ujënate	night water
ujënatë	nightshade
ujënave	waters
ujënavet	watercraft
ujëra	watermark
ujërash	waters
ujërat	watermark
ujëratë	water
ujërave	water
ujëravet	the waters
ujësjellësit	WATER
ujët	water
ujëtë	waters
ujëvara	UJVARA
ujëvarave	waterfall
ujëze	water
uji	water
ujin	WATER
ujiste	irrigated
ujit	water
ujitë	, fluid
ujitej	watered
ujiti	watered
ujitnje	irrigation
ujitnjënë	water one
ujitunë	we watered
ujitur	irrigated
ujiturë	irrigated
ujk	wolf
ujku	wolf
ujkun	WOLF
ujkunë	the wolf
ujnë	they are crying
ujnjë	water
ujnjëritë	the waters
ujnjetë	wolf
ujnji	water
ujore	water
ujq	wolves
ujqër	wolves
ujqërit	wolves
ujqërve	wolves
ujqet	wolves
ujqvet	wolves
ujturë	water
Ukal	Ucal
Ukalit	Ucalit
ul	seat
ula	I sat down.
Ulai	Ulai
Ulam	Ulam
Ulami	Ulam
Ulamit	Ulam
ulcera	ulcers
ulcerat	ulcers
ulcerave	boils
ulcerë	boil
ulcerën	botch
ulcerës	boil
ule	lower
ulë	lower
ulej	seated
ulem	alight
ulëm	sat
ulemi	sit
ulen	droop
ulën	down
ulenë	sit down
uleni	sit
ulërij	yell
ulërijmë	growl
ulërijnë	howl
ulërijtim	howl
ulërijturë	howling
ulërima	growling
Ulërimat	roar
ulërimë	scream
ulërimën	roar
ulërin	roaring
ulërini	howl
ulërinin	shouted
ulërinjënë	scream
ulëritur	screamed
ulesh	enthroned
ulësh	Laying Down
ulesha	sat
uleshim	sat
uleshin	sit
ulet	LOW
ulët	low
ulëta	LOW
uletë	low
ulëtë	low
ulëtinë	lowness
uli	lowered
ulin	lower
ulinë	lower
Ulini	Seat
uljen	REDUCTION
ulku	ulcer
ull	egg
ullastër	wild olive
ullastre	olive tree
ulle	Ülle
ullet	sits down
ulletë	low
ulli	olive
ullij	olives
ullin	olive
ullinë	olive
ullini	olive
ullinit	olive
ullinj	OLIVES
ullinjatë	olive tree
ullinjet	olives
ullinjsh	olive
ullinjt	olives
ullinjtë	olives
ullinjve	OLIVES
Ullinjvegjendet	Olives are found
Ullinjvendodhej	Olives were planted
ulliri	olive
ullirin	olive
ullirinë	olive tree
ullirit	OLIVE
ullishta	olive grove
ullishtat	Olive trees
ullishte	olive grove
ullishtënë	olive grove
ullishtësë	olive grove
ullishteve	olive groves
ullit	olive
Ullivet	Olives
ulln	wool
ullt	low
ulltë	low
ulnë	lower
ulni	Decrease
ulnin	constraining
ulnjënë	sitting
uloga	role
ulogë	ugliness
ulogët	the gullies
ulogu	log
ulogut	the gutters
ulok	cripple
ulqër	ulcer
ulqëret	ulcers
ulshin	go down
ulta	LOW
ulte	lower
ultësinë	humble
ultësira	lowland
ultësirat	lowlands
ultësirë	lowland
ultësirën	lowland
ulu	sit
ulunë	sit down
Uluni	Sit
ulur	SITTING
ulura	reduced
ulurifshinë	slurp
ulurij	sit
ulurijënë	howling
ulurijmë	we scream
ulurimat	roars
ulurimë	cry
ulurin	yells
ulurini	sit them down
ulurinj	slurs
ulurinjë	slurring
ulurinjënë	sit down
Umahun	Ummah
un	me
Una	Me
unanimisht	unanimously
unanimitet	unanimity
unaza	RING
unazat	ring
unazatë	ring
unazave	ring
unaze	ring
unazë	ring
unazën	ring
unazënë	ring
unazësë	rings
unë	I
unëshim	I was
unëshimitë	I am a sheep.
ungj	uncle
ungjërve	uncles
ungji	uncle
ungjill	gospel
Ungjillë	Gospel
ungjillëzofsha	evangelist
ungjillëzoi	preached
ungjillëzoim	evangelization
ungjillëzoj	preach the gospel
ungjillëzojë	evangelize
ungjillëzojënë	evangelist
ungjillëzon	evangelizes
ungjillëzonin	evangelized
ungjillëzonte	evangelized
ungjillëzorë	evangelists
ungjillëzova	I evangelized.
ungjillëzuan	gospel
ungjillëzuar	evangelized
ungjillëzue	evangelize
ungjillëzuem	evangelized
ungjillëzuen	evangelized
ungjillëzuenë	evangelized
ungjilli	GOSPEL
ungjillin	GOSPEL
ungjillinë	the gospel
ungjillit	GOSPEL
Ungjilln	Gospel
ungjillt	evangelical
ungjilltarë	evangelists
ungjilltarët	evangelists
ungjilltari	evangelist
ungjilltarit	evangelists
ungjin	uncle
ungjit	uncle
ungjurë	eel
uni	self
unia	UNIAN
unie	union
uniet	union
uniformë	uniform
unike	UNIQUE
unishëmit	the lonely
unitet	UNITY
uniteti	UNITY
unitetin	UNITY
universal	universal
unj	me
unja	me
unjç	one
unje	should bow
unjë	should bow
unjëç	one-eyed
unjëjë	one word
unjem	union
unjen	me
unjenë	alone
unjënë	my name
unjetë	loneliness
unjëtë	words
unjëtitë	the unison
unjëvet	me
unji	me
unjm	me
unjnë	they are
unjte	me
unjturë	humble
Unjuni	Join
unjurë	unemployed
unjurin	the unemployment
unjurit	laborers
unshëmitë	the unworthy
Ur	Ur
ura	bridge
uragan	hurricane
uraganësh	rainstorms
uragani	HURRICANE
uraganin	Hurricane
uraganit	Hurricane
Urat	bridges
urata	blessings
uratat	benediction
uratatë	good morning
uratavet	greetings
uratë	benediction
uratënë	bridge
uratësë	greetings
urave	BRIDGES
Urbanin	Urbani
Urbanit	Urbanus
urdhëmimet	instructions
urdhën	ordered
urdhëna	order
urdhënar	commander
urdhënarë	commanders
urdhënarësh	commanders
Urdhënarët	The orderlies
urdhënarëtë	commanders
urdhënarëvet	the commanders
urdhënari	commander
urdhënarit	commanders
urdhënat	orders
urdhënavet	orders
urdhënë	order
urdhëni	command
urdhënim	order
urdhënimesh	orders
urdhënimet	orders
urdhënimevet	orders
urdhëniminë	the order
urdhënimit	command
urdhënin	the order
urdhëninë	the order
urdhënit	orders
Urdhëno	Order
urdhënoi	ordered
urdhënoj	order
urdhënojë	order
urdhënojënë	command
urdhënojn	they order
urdhënojnë	they order
urdhënomë	command me
urdhënon	commands
urdhënova	I ordered
urdhënove	you ordered
urdhënsi	command
urdhënue	ordered
urdhënuem	ordered
urdhënueme	ordered
urdhënuen	ordered
urdhënuenë	ordered
urdhënumë	command
urdhër	order
urdhëra	instructions
urdhërata	order
urdhëratas	orderly
urdhëratat	orders
urdhëratatë	orders
urdhëratavet	orders
urdhëratë	orders
urdhëratën	the order
urdhëratës	order
urdhëratësë	order
urdhëratëset	orders
urdhëratësit	the commanders
urdhëratësitë	orders
urdhëre	order
urdhërë	order
urdhëresa	directions
urdhëresë	DIRECTION
urdhërët	orders
urdhëri	command
urdhëria	order
urdhërim	command
urdhërime	commandments
urdhërimesh	commands
urdhërimet	COMMANDMENTS
urdhërimetë	commandments
urdhërimeve	COMMANDMENTS
urdhërimevet	the commandments
urdhërimi	COMMANDMENT
urdhërimin	ENJOINING
urdhërimit	ENJOINING
urdhërimn	commandment
urdhërimtarëvet	the commanding officers
urdhërin	command
urdhërinë	Order of
urdhërit	ORDER
urdhëritë	orders
urdhëro	Command
urdhërohen	are ordered
urdhëroi	ordered
urdhëroj	command
urdhërojë	command
urdhërojëmë	order me
urdhërojënë	order
urdhëroji	Command
urdhërojmë	command
urdhërojnë	Orders
urdhëromëni	command me
urdhëron	commands
urdhëroni	order
urdhëronin	they ordered
urdhëronj	I order.
urdhëronjç	order
urdhëronjë	order
urdhëronjën	the order
urdhëronjënë	order
urdhëronte	command
urdhërosh	command
urdhërova	commanded
urdhërove	commanded
urdhërtar	commander
urdhërua	ordered
urdhëruaka	ordered
urdhëruan	ordered
urdhëruar	ordered
urdhëruara	ordered
urdhëruarë	ordered
urdhëruem	ordered
urdhra	oRDERS
urdhrat	ORDERS
urdhrave	orders
urdhri	The order
urdhrin	command
urdhrit	order
urë	bridge
uren	bridge
urën	bridge
urës	bridge
urëtë	bridges
urëtitë	hunger
urëtonenë	urethane
urëtonetë	water fountain
urëtoni	make hungry
urëtuarëtë	hungry
urgjencë	emergency
urgjente	urgent
urgji	urgency
urgjia	urgency
urgjija	urgency
urgjin	urgent
urgjinë	urgency
urgjisë	emergency
urgjisnë	urgent
uri	hunger
uria	HUNGER
Uriah	Uriah
Uriahu	Uriah
Uriahun	Uriah
Uriahut	Uriah
Urian	Uriah
Urias	Uriah
urie	hunger
Uriel	Uriel
Urielin	Uriel
Urielit	Uriel
uriet	Urie
Urim	congratulation
Urimet	Congratulations
Urimët	Congratulations
urimi	congratulations
Urimin	Urim
Urimit	Congratulations
urinë	hunger
urinën	urine
urisë	hunger
urishim	hunger
urishimit	the hunger
Urit	Uri
urithi	weasel
urithvet	urithvet
uritur	HUNGER
urituri	hungry
uriturit	hungry
uriturve	the hungry
Uriut	Hunger
uroj	WISH
urojnë	congratulate
uroni	congratulate
uronin	congratulations
urre	Urrea
urrehen	they are hated
urrehet	abhorred
urrej	hate
urreje	hate
urrejë	hate
urrejëm	we hated
urrejënë	hate
urrejeni	hate the
urrejmë	HATE
urrejnë	hate
urrejtja	HATRED
urrejtje	resentment
urrejtjeje	hate
urrejtjen	hatred
urrejtshëm	odious
urrejtshme	detestable
urren	HATED
urrenë	urrent
urreni	HATE
urrenin	hated
urrente	hated
urresh	hate
urreu	hated
urreva	I hated
urrierë	hungry
urrietë	hunger
urryen	hated
urryer	hated
urryera	despicable
urta	Proverbs
urtë	wise
urtëci	wisdom
urtëcia	wisdom
urtëcie	wisdom
urtëciet	wisdom
urtëcinë	wisdom
urtëcisë	wisdom
urtëcuarë	wise
urtësh	wise
urtësi	wisdom
urtësia	wisdom
urtësie	wisdom
urtësin	wisdom
urtësinë	wisdom
urtësisë	wisdom
urtësisht	wisely
urtësit	the wise
urtësohi	be wise
urtësohuni	be wise
urtësoi	wised
urtëson	wise
urtësumë	wisdom
urtët	wise
urtëtë	wise
urtëve	Elders
urtëvet	wise men
urti	Wise
urtia	WISDOM
urtie	wisdom
urtin	wise
urtinë	wisdom
urtisë	wisdom
urtit	wise
urtuem	happy
uruar	wishing
uruem	congratulations
Urvanoi	Urvanoi
usë	use
ushe	fish
ushëtima	walks
ushqe	Feed
ushqehei	feed
ushqehej	fed
ushqehem	eat
ushqehen	NOURISHMENT
ushqeheni	feed
ushqehesh	fed
ushqeheshin	feeding
ushqehet	feed
ushqehetë	feed
ushqej	feed
ushqeja	fed
ushqeje	feed
ushqejë	feed
ushqejën	fed
ushqejënë	feed
ushqejeni	feed
ushqeji	Feed
ushqejmë	feed
ushqejnë	feed
ushqen	breeds
ushqenej	feed
ushqenenë	feed
ushqenetë	feed
ushqeni	feed
ushqenin	feed
ushqenj	feed
ushqenjë	feed
ushqenjënë	food
ushqente	FED
ushqesh	Feeding
ushqeu	FED
ushqeva	fed
ushqie	food
ushqiem	food
ushqierë	food
ushqieritë	foods
ushqim	food
ushqime	provisions
ushqimesh	grocery
ushqimet	foods
ushqimeve	food
ushqimi	food
ushqimin	the food
ushqiminë	alimony
ushqimit	FOOD
ushqimn	food
ushqimnë	food
ushqimor	edible
ushqimore	grocery
ushqye	nourished
ushqyem	we fed
ushqyenë	feed
ushqyer	EAT
ushqyerë	fed
ushqyeshim	nutrition
ushqyet	nourished
ushqyetë	food
ushta	pike
ushtar	MILITARY
ushtarak	army officer
ushtarake	military
ushtarakë	military
ushtarë	soldiers
ushtarësh	soldiers
ushtarët	soldiers
ushtarëve	Soldiers'
ushtat	pike
ushte	spear
ushtë	pike
ushtën	spear
ushtëra	army
ushtëri	an army
ushtëria	hosts
ushtëriash	military
ushtëriat	the army
ushtëriatë	military
ushtëriavet	military
ushtërie	army
ushtërin	the army
ushtërinë	hosts
ushtëris	military
ushtërisë	the army
ushtërish	military
ushtërit	soldiers
ushtëritë	armies
ushtërivet	armies
ushtës	spearman
ushtëtorë	soldiers
ushtëtorësh	soldiers
ushtëtorët	soldiers
ushtëtorëtë	soldiers
ushtëtorëve	soldiers
ushtëtorëvet	soldiers
ushtëtorinë	the military
ushtëtuer	military
ushtima	reverberation
ushtime	reverberation
ushtimë	reverberation
ushtimën	sighing
ushtojë	exercise his or her
ushton	rattle
ushtri	army
ushtria	military
ushtrie	army
ushtrimi	exercising
ushtrimin	exercising
ushtrimit	exercising
ushtrinë	army
ushtrisë	army
ushtritë	armies
ushtrive	hosts
ushtrohet	BE AFFECTED
ushtrohu	Practice
ushtroi	exercised
ushtroj	practice
ushtroje	practice
ushtrojë	EXERT
ushtrojnë	exercise
ushtron	exercising
ushtroni	Execute
ushtronin	exercised
ushtronte	exercising
ushtrosh	exercising
ushtrove	I exercised
ushtruan	exercised
ushtruar	CARRY
ustai	household survey
utem	I am
Uthai	Uthai
uthëll	vinegar
uthëlla	vinegar
uthëllë	vinegar
uthull	VINEGAR
uthulla	vinegar
uthullë	vinegar
uthullën	vinegar
uthullënë	vinegar
Utsi	Uz
uturijnë	roar
Uvalli	The oval
Uza	Uza
Uzah	Uzzah
Uzahu	Oza
Uzahun	Oza
Uzahut	Oza
Uzait	Uzait
Uzali	Uzal
Uzalli	Uzall
Uzas	Oza
Uzen	Use
Uzën	Uzza
Uzës	Uz'za
Uzi	Uzi
Uzia	Uzzia
Uziah	Uzziah
Uziahu	Uzziah
Uziahun	Uzziah
Uziahut	Uzziah
Uzieli	Uz'zi
Uzielit	Oziel
uzielitët	Uzzielites
Uzielitëve	Uzzielite
Uzit	Uzzi
uzure	usury
uzurë	usury
uzuresë	usury
uzurëtar	usurer
Uzzielli	Uzziel
Uzziellit	Uzziel
v	v
va	ford
Vaalit	Baal
vadis	irrigate
vadit	water
vaditet	watered
vaditnit	irrigated
vaditur	irrigated
vafça	waffle
vafçim	baptism
vafsh	vafsh
vaftë	Iftar
vagëtë	vague
Vaheb	What he did
vais	I am tired.
vaiza	poem
vaizë	Vaize
vaizës	preacher
vaizësë	priest
vaj	oil
vaje	lamentations
vajë	nurse
vajënë	the oil
vajësë	oil
vajët	oils
vajëza	oil
Vajezathan	Girl
Vajëzë	Girl
vajëzën	the girl
vajëzës	girl
vajëzësë	little girl
vaji	oil
vajin	OIL
vajit	oil
vajos	lubricate
vajosa	anointed him
vajose	anoint
vajosen	anointed
vajosën	anointed
vajosësh	anoint
vajosh	anoint
vajosi	anointed
vajosin	anoint
vajosja	anointing
vajosje	anointing
vajosjen	unction
vajosjes	anointing
vajosni	anoint
vajosnin	anointed
vajoste	anoint
vajosur	anointed
vajosuri	anointed
vajosurin	anointed
vajosurit	anointed
vajra	OILS
vajrat	oils
vajrave	oils
vajta	I went
vajte	Going
vajtë	Going
Vajtëm	We came
vajtën	they came
vajti	came
vajtim	lamentation
vajtime	mourning
vajtimet	lamentations
vajtimi	Mourning
vajtimin	mourning
vajtimit	mourning
vajtja	the way
vajtjes	Attendance
vajtjet	minute trips
vajto	Lament
vajtohet	mourn
vajtoj	howl
vajtojë	lament
vajtojmë	mourn
vajtojnë	mourn
vajton	mourns
vajtoni	Howl
vajtonin	mourning
vajtonit	wail
vajtonjam	we mourn
vajtonjënë	mourner
vajtoret	oil lamps
vajtuam	wailed
vajtuan	mourned
vajtuar	mourn
vajtuat	mourn
vajtues	wailing
vajtueshme	deplorable
vajtur	gone
vajuar	anointed
vajza	girl
vajzat	girls
vajzave	girls
vajzavet	girls
vajzë	girl
vajzën	the daughter
vajzërisë	maiden
vajzës	girl
vakët	lukewarm
val	wave
valë	WIRELESS
Valëratë	Dance
valës	wave
valësë	wave
valësh	wave
valët	waves
valëtë	the waves
valëtonjënë	our wave
valëve	waves
valëvet	waves
valëviten	shake
valëvitshin	they waved
vali	wall
valin	valine
valinë	Valinian
valit	Vali
vall	dance
Vallaamit	Valaamites
Vallaamnë	Vallaamne
Vallaknë	Wallachian
valle	dance
vallë	There the
vallera	dance
vallet	dances
valleve	DANCING
vallëzën	the dance
vallëzoi	danced
vallja	dance
vallsam	dance
vallsamosinë	dancing
vallsamosnë	dance in the park
vallsamosurit	dancers
valltarët	dancers
valltareve	dancers
valojë	flutter
valonjë	Walloon
Valove	Waves
valtë	Valte
valtoni	Valton
vam	I have
van	van
vanë	Vanhna
vangjelis	Vangelis
vangjelisenë	evangelist
vangjelisi	gospel
vangjelisjë	evangelism
vangjelisjëmë	evangelize
vangjelisjënë	evangelist
vangjelisnë	evangelist
vangjelistiut	evangelist
vangjelisurë	evangelized
Vaniahu	Vaniahu
Vap	Acts
vapa	heat
vape	heat
vapë	heat
vapën	Heat
vapënë	heat
vapësë	hot
vapët	hot
vaptistinë	baptism
vaptistiu	baptist
vaptistiut	baptist
var	hang
vara	pendant
Varadhit	Varadhites
Varahiasë	Varahia
Varaknë	Varakne
varani	chameleon
Varava	Varava
Varavai	Varavai
Varavanë	Varavanas
Varavva	Barabbas
Varavvanë	Barabbas
varç	hook
varçë	pendant
vare	sledgehammer
varë	sledgehammer
varej	depended
varëm	hung
varëmit	the addicts
varen	depends
varën	hanged
varenë	Varena
Vareni	Hang
varëset	Necklaces
varëseve	pendants
varësh	hang
vareshin	depended
varësie	dependence
varet	DEPENDING
varetë	hinge
varfër	poor
varfëra	SLUM
varfërë	with poor
varfëret	the poor
varfërët	the poor
varfërëvet	the poor
varfëri	POVERTY
varfëria	poverty
varfërinë	poverty
varfërisë	poverty
varfërit	POOR
varfëritë	poor
varfërohen	poverty;
varfërohesh	poverty
varfërohet	poor
varfëron	impoverishes
varfërua	impoverished
varfëruam	we became poor
varfëruanë	they became poor
varfërve	POOR
varfëve	oppressed
varfri	poverty
varfrin	the poor
varfrit	the poor
vargan	convoy
varganin	goings
vargje	verse
vargjesh	verses
vargjet	SEQ
vargjevet	verses
vargonj	shackles
vargonjtë	The cords
vargonjve	bonds
vargun	Nexus
vargut	string
vari	hanged
Variisu	Varies
varim	hang
vark	boat
varka	BOAT
varkat	boats
varkatë	boat
varkë	boat
varkën	the boat
varkënë	the boat
varkës	boat
varkësë	boat
Varnava	Barnabas
Varnavë	Barnabas
Varnavënë	Barnabas
Varnavësë	Barnabas
varnë	Varna
varni	hang
varnin	hanged
varnjë	hanging
varnjënë	the hanging
varr	grave
varra	grave
varrat	grave
varratë	graves
varre	MEMORIAL TOMBS
varrë	grave
varrësë	graves
varret	grave
Varrët	grave
varretë	graves
varreve	GRAVE
varreza	cemetery
varrezat	cemetery
varrezë	cemetery
varri	grave
varrim	funeral
varrimi	obsequial
varrimibënte	funeral was
varrimit	funeral
varrin	TOMB
varrinë	the grave
varrit	grave
varrmihësit	gravediggers
varros	bury
varrosa	buried
varrose	bury
varrosë	bury
varrosëm	buried
varrosen	buried
varrosën	buried
varroseni	bury
varrosesh	buried
varrosësh	bury
varroset	buried
varrosët	bury
varrosi	buried
varrosin	bury
varrosni	bury
varrosnin	buried
varroste	bury
varrosur	buried
varrove	you buried
varrt	grave
Varsanë	Varsana
Varsava	Warsaw
varshë	verse
varte	hang
vartë	Varta
Varthollomeonë	Varthollomeon
Varthollomeua	The Dead
Vartimeoi	Vartimeoi
varturë	dependent
varunë	dependent
varur	ADDICTED
Varvarëtë	Barbarians
Varvarëvet	Barbarians
Varvaro	Barbarian
vasalë	vassals
vasanishesinë	Vasanishness
vasanisnë	vasanisnë
vasha	MAIDEN
Vashanësë	Vashana
Vashanit	Vashan
vashave	Girls'
vashazë	girl
vashazëtë	girls
vashë	maiden
vashënë	yesterday
vashëra	girl
vashësë	girls
vashëz	maiden
vashëza	maiden
vashëzë	girl
vashëzëja	the girl
vashëzën	the girl
vashëzënë	girl
vashëzësë	girls
Vashti	Vashti
Vashtit	Vashti
vat	watt
vate	you
vatë	wadding
vatër	hearth
vath	Earring
vatha	earring
vathat	fold
vathe	earring
vathë	earring
vathën	fold
vathës	fold
vathët	earrings
vathëtë	earrings
vathëve	earrings
vathit	eartag
Vathshevaja	Vathshevaja
Vathuil	Vathuil
Vathuili	Vathiili
Vathuilinë	Vathuilina
Vathuilit	Vathuilit
vatra	Hearth
vatrat	Fireplaces
vatrësë	hearth
vaturë	firewood
Vau	steppingstone
vaun	ford
vaut	Vau
Vav	Wow
Vavel	Wawel
vavet	the waves
Vavillona	Babylon
Vavillonë	Babylon
Vavillonën	Babylon
Vavillonënë	Babylon
Vavillonësë	Babylon
Vavyllona	I cried.
Vavyllonësë	Babylon
vazhdë	furrow
vazhdimësi	ONGOING
vazhdimësinë	Succession
vazhdimisht	CONTINUALLY
vazhdo	Go
vazhdofshin	shall be as
vazhdoftë	continue
vazhdoi	continued
vazhdoj	continue
vazhdojë	CONTINUED
vazhdojmë	CONTINUE
vazhdojnë	continue
vazhdon	Go
vazhdoni	Keep
vazhdonim	continue
vazhdonin	continued
vazhdonte	continue
vazhdosh	continue
vazhdova	continued
vazhduam	continued
vazhduan	CONTINUE
vazhduar	CONTINUOUS
vazhdueshëm	continued
vazhdueshme	CONTINUING
vazo	vase
vazoja	vase
vazoje	vase
vazos	Pot
vazot	vessels
vdeç	dead
vdek	dies
vdeka	death
vdekatarë	mortal
vdekatarët	mortals
vdekatarëve	mortal
vdekatari	mortal man
vdekçim	death
vdeke	death
vdekë	died
vdekëja	death
vdekëjavet	death weeks
vdekeje	death by
vdekëje	death
vdekëjë	die
vdekëjen	death
vdekëjën	they died
vdekëjenë	they died
vdekëjënë	death
vdekëjes	death
vdekëjesë	death
vdekëjësë	death
vdekëjet	deaths
vdekën	they died
vdekënë	they died
vdekës	mortal
vdekësë	death
vdeket	dies
vdekët	the dead
vdekëta	the dead
vdekëtë	dead
vdekëvet	the dead
vdekja	DEATH
vdekje	death
vdekjeje	DEATH
vdekjen	death
vdekjeprurës	deadly
vdekjeprurëse	deadly
vdekjes	death
Vdeksha	through death
vdekshëm	mortal
vdekshim	mortals
vdekshin	perish
vdekshme	MORTAL
vdekshmi	mortal
vdektë	die
vdekun	killed o
vdekuna	death
vdekunavet	dead people
vdekunë	dead
vdekuni	die
vdekunish	mortal
vdekunit	death
vdekunitë	death
vdekur	DEAD
vdekura	dead
vdekurë	dead
vdekurën	dead
vdekurës	dead
vdekuret	the dead
vdekuri	dead
vdekurin	dead
vdekurinë	death
vdekurish	dead
vdekurit	DEAD
vdekuritë	dead donation
vdekurve	dead
vdes	DIES
vdesë	DIE
vdesëmë	mortal
vdesënë	death
vdesënjë	mortal
vdesësh	die
vdesi	'die'
vdesim	die
vdesimë	we die
vdesin	DIE
vdesinë	die
vdhelli	death
vdier	die
vdierçinë	death
vdierë	die
vdierrç	dead
vdierrë	dead
vdierrëjet	the roots
vdierrësë	mortal
vdierrëshime	deaths
vdierrëtë	dead
vdierri	death
vdierrim	death
vdierrish	death
vdiershinë	mortality
vdiq	died
vdiqa	died
vdiqëm	dead
vdiqën	died
vdiqët	Whether you die
vdiqi	died
vdiqm	we died
vdiqmë	we died
vdiqnë	they died
vdiqtë	you died
vdir	die
vdirem	I die.
vdiremi	we die
vdirenë	dead body
vdireni	die
vdiresh	you die
vdiretë	dead
vdirrenë	dead
vdis	die
vdisim	we die
vdisja	die
vdisni	die
vdisnin	death
vdiste	death
vdore	die
vdori	died
vdornë	they die
vdqinë	death
vduar	dead
vduarrë	dead
vduer	dead
ve	widower
vë	VW
veç	MOREOVER
vëç	besides
veçanërisht	SPECIALLY
veçanta	special
veçantë	SPECIAL
veçanti	PARTICULARLY
veçe	Vece
veçë	Vece
veçmas	separately
veçme	already
Veço	Extract
veçohen	separated
veçohet	DEDUCTED
veçoi	singled out
veçoj	dissociate
veçojë	separate
veçojënë	separate
veçoji	prepare them
veçojnë	distinguish
veçon	singles
veçonte	separated
veçosh	set apart
veçse	only
veçuan	separated
veçuar	isolated
Vedani	Vedan
Veellfegorit	The Veellfegorit
Veellzevull	Veellzevull
Veellzevullë	Veellzevullë
Veellzevullit	Veellzevullit
vegël	TOOL
vegim	vision
vegime	visions
vegimet	vision
vegimeve	mirages
vegimi	VISION
vegimin	vision
vegimit	vision
vegja	loom
vegjëj	small
vegjël	SMALL
vegjëlë	little ones
vegjëlia	young
vegjëlish	toddler
vegjëlit	populace
vegjëlve	small
vegjës	beam
vegjetarianë	vegetarians
vegjilë	gadget
vegjlit	Litter
vegla	TOOLS
veglash	Tool
veglat	TOOLS
veglave	UTILITY
vegle	instrument
veglës	Tooling
veijn	brother
veijnë	they are
veishinë	poverty
veishitë	the deaf
vej	I come
veja	widow
vejat	widows
vejatë	widows
vejave	widows
vejavet	widows
veje	widow
vejë	Widowhood
vëjë	widow
vëjedhë	watch
vëjefshim	let's see
vëjefshime	observations
vëjefshimet	observations
vëjefshimetë	observations
vëjefshuna	widow
vëjefshunë	widow
vëjefti	widow
vëjeftnë	widow
vëjehërr	brother-in-law
vëjehërri	sister-in-law
vëjehërrin	brother-in-law
vëjehërrinë	sister-in-law
vëjehërrit	in-laws
vëjeinë	the word
vëjej	put
vëjejë	put
vëjejënë	put it
vëjejinë	the word
vëjejtinë	the widow
vejem	widow
vejëm	widow
vëjen	the place
vejëria	widowhood
vejërie	widows
vejërisë	widowhood
vejëtë	widows
vëjetërë	old man
vëjeu	put
vëjiera	widow
vëjierë	widow
vejim	widowhood
vejin	widow
vejinë	widow
vejshin	wear
vejusha	WIDOW
vejushat	widow
vejushave	widow
vejushe	widow
vejushë	widow
vejushën	widow
vejushës	widow
vëjyeme	noticeable
vëjyerat	the notes
vëjyerë	watchman
vel	veil
vela	sail
velat	sails
velën	Vela
vëlen	brother
vëlenjënë	value
velesë	sail
velësë	sail
veli	the veil
Veliarë	Veliars
velin	the veil
velit	the veil
velitja	abundance
vëlla	brother
vëllai	brother
vëllain	brother
vëllait	brother
vëllaj	the brother
vëllan	brother
vëllandë	brother
vëllanë	brother
Vellasë	Brother
vëllat	brother
vëllathi	brother
vëllazanit	brothers
vëllazarit	brothers
vëllazën	brother
vëllazënavet	siblings
vëllazënëvet	brothers
vëllazënie	brotherhood
vëllazëninë	brotherhood
vëllazënisë	brotherhood
vëllazënish	brothers
vëllazënit	brothers
vëllazënitë	fraternities
vëllazër	Brotherhood
vëllazëret	siblings
vëllazërinë	brotherhood
vëllazërisë	brotherhood
vëllazërisht	brotherly
vëllazërit	brotherhood
vëllazëritë	brotherhoods
vëllazërore	BROTHERLY
vëllazrëvet	brothers
vëllezër	brethren
vëllezëre	siblings
vëllezëret	brothers
vëllezëreve	brethren
vëllezërish	brothers
vëllezërit	brothers
vëllezëritë	brothers
vëllezërve	brothers
vëllezrëvet	brothers
vëllimit	volume
vello	veil
vellon	veil
vellot	veils
vëlonesh	be careful
vëluarë	swollen
velur	satiated
vëlyera	value
vëlyerë	value
vem	I come
vemë	pUT
vëmë	PUT
vëmendje	attention
vëmendjen	attention
vëmendshëm	attentive
vemi	we will
vemje	caterpillar
vemjet	caterpillars
ven	place
vën	Ven
vena	vein
vëna	PLACED
vënça	Vence
vënçinë	the village
vend	COUNTRY
vënd	country
vendas	DOMESTIC
vendasit	NATIVES
vendbanim	SETTLEMENT
vendbanimet	SETTLEMENTS
vendbanimeve	SETTLEMENTS
vendbanimi	RESIDENCE
vendbanimit	settlement
vende	PLACES
vënde	PLACES
vëndëra	home
vëndës	country
vëndëset	country
vendesh	country
vëndesh	country
vëndësi	country
vëndësinë	the country
vendësit	natives
vëndësit	the locals
vendësitë	localities
vëndësitë	countries
vendet	COUNTRIES
vëndet	AREAS
vendetë	countries
vëndetë	country
vendeve	COUNTRY
vendevet	afield
vëndevet	countries
vendi	CouNTRY
vëndi	a chance
vendim	DECISION
vendime	DECISIONS
vendimet	DECISIONS
vendimeve	DECISIONS
vendimi	DECISION
vendimin	DECISION
vendimit	decision
vendin	COUNTRY
vëndin	country
vendinë	place of
vëndinë	place of
vendit	COUNTRY
vëndit	country
vendkalimin	CROSSING
vendlindje	REPATRIATION
vendlindjen	birthplace
vëndn	place
vëndnë	country
vendnisjeve	goings
vendojnë	lay
vendos	DECIDE
vendosa	DECIDED
vendose	Add
vendosë	DECIDES
vendosej	moving
vendosem	put up
vendosëm	DECIDE
vendosen	DETERMINED
vendosën	HAVE DECIDED
vendoseni	PUT
vendosesh	Deciding
vendosësh	place
vendoseshin	placed
vendoset	It 's applicable
vendosët	Did you decide
vendosi	Decided
vendosim	DECISION
vendosin	decide
vendosini	Place
vendosja	PLACEMENT
vendosjen	PLACEMENT
vendosmëri	determination
vendosni	DECIDE
vendosnin	decide
vendoste	place
vendosu	dwell
Vendosuni	Dwell
vendosur	DETERMINED
vendosura	LOCATED
vendpushimi	resort
vendroja	The guardhouse
vendroje	guardhouse
vendrojën	watch
vendstrehim	shelter
vendstrehimi	shelter
venduar	dwelling
vendvarrim	burial
vendvarrit	to corruption
vene	put
venë	vein
vënë	vein
venën	vein
vëner	put
Vëneri	Venerable
vënerit	the guests
vënës	Indwelling
venësë	vein
vëneshtë	dark
vëneshtët	the dark ones
vëneshtëvet	the blind
vënësi	peacemaker
vënësit	peacemaker
vënët	vein
vëngon	crying to me
veni	ATTENTION
venia	Commissioning
Veniamin	Benjamin
Veniaminë	Benjamin
Veniamini	Benjamin
Veniamininë	Benjamin
Veniaminit	Benjamin
vënien	PRICING
vënies	RECEIVERSHIP
vënit	infliction
veniten	Exhausted
venitet	MAINTAINING
venitur	faded
Venjamin	Benjamin
Venjaminit	Benjamin
venjë	MARKETING
vënt	place
vente	place
vënte	put and
vëntë	Vent
vepër	OFFENSE
vepëra	work
vepërash	works
vepërat	act
vepëratë	deeds
vepëravet	works
vepëre	offense to
vepërë	work
vepërën	the work
vepërësë	perpetrator
vepërohetë	action is taken
vepëroi	acted
vepëron	operates
vepëronte	acted
vepëruem	we acted
vepëruemes	active
vepëruemesë	active
vepëruemit	the action
vepëruemitë	actions
vepra	Acts
veprash	Acts
veprat	works
veprave	ACTS
vepravet	works
vepre	Acts
veprën	WORK
veprës	WORK
veprim	action
veprime	actions
veprimet	OPERATIONS
veprimeve	action
veprimi	action
veprimin	OPERATION
veprimit	action
veprimtari	activity
Veprimtaria	aCTIVITY
veprimtarinë	activity
veprimtarish	events
veprimtaritë	EVENTS
vepro	Deal
veproftë	he acts,
veprohej	done:
veprohet	WHAT TO DO
veproi	acted
veproj	DO
veproja	acted
veproje	do
veprojë	operate
veprojmë	DO
veprojnë	ACTING
vepron	ACTS
veproni	Execute
vepronin	act
vepronte	act
veprosh	acting
veprova	acted
veprua	acted
vepruam	We dealt
vepruan	they did
vepruar	ACT
veprues	ACTION
vepruese	ACTION
ver	summer
vër	Incline
vera	wine
vëra	Vera
Veranë	Summer
vërat	Vera
verbazi	blindly
verbëcira	blindness
verbën	the blind
verbënave	blind people
verbënavet	blind people
verbënitë	blindness
verbër	BLIND
verbërë	blind
verbëret	blind
verbëri	blindness
Verbëria	blind
verbërin	blind
verbërinë	blindness
verbërish	blindly
verbërisht	blindly
verbërit	blind
verbëritë	blinds
verbërve	BLIND
verbësirë	blindness
verbët	blind
verbëtë	the blind
vërbëtë	blind
verbëti	blind
verbëtin	the blind
verbëtinë	blindness
verbëtish	blind
verbëtit	blind
vërbëtit	the blind
verbëvet	the blind
verbim	dazzle
verbohen	blind
verbohesh	blind
verbohet	blind
verboi	blinded
verbon	blinds
verbonenë	blind woman
verbonjë	blind
verbonjën	the blind
verbri	blind
verbrin	blind
verbrit	blind
verbuan	blinded
verbuanë	blinded
verbuar	dazzling
verbuarë	blinded
verbuarit	the blind
verbuaritë	blindness
verbuemit	blinded
verbuenë	blinded
verburë	blind
verburet	blind
verburi	blind man
verburinë	blindness
verburitë	blindness
vërdallos	Venturing
verdha	YELLOW
verdhë	yellow
verdhetë	yellow
verdhojnë	turn yellow
vere	WINES
verë	SUMMER
vëre	Thrust
vërë	summer
vërej	notice
vëreja	I noticed
vërejnë	notice
vërejtur	noted
verëkthenjësi	winemaker
verëkthenjësin	the winemaker
verëkthenjësit	winemakers
vërëm	we noticed
verën	SUMMER
vëren	NOTES
verënë	in the summer
vëreni	Note
vërenin	watching
vërente	noted
verëpimës	wine drinker
vërer	note
verëra	Wines
Vëreri	The truth
verës	WINE
verësë	summer
vëreshta	vineyards
vëreshtash	vineyard
vëreshtat	vineyards
vëreshtatë	seven
vëreshtë	vineyard
vëreshtësh	vineyard
vëreshti	vineyard
vëreshtinë	vineyard
vëreshtorëtë	the winegrowers
verët	summer
vërët	you see
vëretetë	let us really
vergjëresha	virgin
vërgjëresha	virgin
vërgjëreshat	virgins
vërgjëreshatë	virgin
vergjëreshë	virgin
vergjëri	virginity
vërgjiresha	blind woman
vërgjireshe	indifferent
vërgjireshë	blind woman
vërgjiria	indifference
vërgjirin	the blind
veri	NORTH
vëri	Lay
verifikosh	verify
veriga	chain link
verigat	bonds
verilindje	northeast
verilindore	northeastern
vërini	Have
verior	NORTH
veriore	North
veriperëndim	northwest
veriperëndimi	northwest
veriperëndimor	northwestern
veriperëndimorë	northwestern
veriqendrore	north central
veriu	NORTH
veriun	NORTH
veriut	NORTH
Verja	Putting
vërja	Putting
Vërjani	Watch it.
Verjë	Wine
Verjoti	Verjoit
Verniqea	Vernicia
Verniqia	Vernicia
verore	summer
verr	alder
vërrë	aunt
vërria	alder
vërsë	flood
versësë	verse
vërshëllenjë	whistle
vërshëllinjë	whistle
vërshim	flood
vërshimet	FLOODS
vërshimi	outpouring
vërshimin	flood
vërshoi	flooded
vërshojë	flood
vërshojnë	flood
vërshon	stream
vërshonjë	flood
vërshonjënë	flood
vërshonte	stream
vërshuan	flooded
vërshuanë	flooded
vërsul	blasted
vërsulë	solicited
Vërsulen	raids
vërsulën	raided
vërsuleni	rush
vërsulet	doeth
vërsulur	attacked
vërte	what you intend
vërtesë	truth
vërtet	REALLY
vërteta	truth
vërtetat	truths
vërtetatë	truths
vërtetavet	truths
vërtete	truth
vërtetë	really
vërtetën	TRUTH
vërtetënë	the truth
vërtetëni	truth
vërtetënia	truthfulness
vërtetënisë	truthfulness
vërtetëri	truth
vërtetës	truth
vërtetësë	truth
vërtetësi	verity
vërtetësinë	TRUE
vërtetet	really
vërtetët	really
vërtetëve	really
vërteti	Reality
vërtetimin	certifications
Vërtetin	is true
vërtetinë	the truth
vërtetit	True
vërtetohej	ascertain
vërtetohen	verified
vërtetohet	verified
vërtetoi	confirmed
vërtetoj	authenticate
vërtetojë	certify
vërtetojnë	PROVE
vërtetojsh	confirm
vërteton	confirms
vërtetonetë	certificates
vërtetonin	prove
vërtetonte	prove
vërtetosh	confirm
vërtetua	confirmed
vërtetuan	confirmed
vërtetuar	VERIFIED
vërtetue	confirm
vërtetuem	confirmed
vërtetuemen	we confirm
vërtetueshime	confirmations
vërtetum	certificate
vertikale	vertical
vërtisnin	, turning
vërtit	grind
vërtiteni	assault
vërtitet	wallow
vërtiti	cast
vërtyta	whirlwind
vërtytë	the holes
vërtytën	the whirlwind
vërtytënë	the abyss
vërtytin	the whirlwind
vëru	Incline
Vëruni	Incline
vërvisin	they are busy
veryllë	north
Verzevulit	Verzevulit
vesa	dew
vese	dew
vesë	dew
vesën	dew
vesës	dew
vesët	vices
vesh	UNDERSTANDING
vësh	ear
vesha	wore
veshç	clothes
veshçinë	clothing
veshe	Clothe
veshë	ear
veshëjatë	earwigs
veshëm	clothe
veshëme	wearable
veshëmë	wearable
veshëmit	wearables
veshën	girded
veshësh	overlay
veshët	ears
veshëtë	ears
veshëve	ears
veshëvet	ears
vëshgonjç	watch
veshi	EAR
veshim	clothe
veshimë	clothing
veshin	WEAR
veshinë	the clothing
veshish	wear
veshit	Ear
veshja	clothing
veshje	clothing
veshjë	bonded coating
veshjeje	dressing
veshjëmë	let's dress
veshjen	DRESSING
veshjënë	dress
veshjes	DRESS
veshjet	OUTFITS
veshkat	kidneys
veshkave	KIDNEY
vëshkëllojsh	all sorts of things
veshkurit	kidneys
veshm	wear
veshmbathje	clothes
veshmbathjen	clothing
veshn	ear
veshnë	ear
veshngrehur	Listen to me
veshni	clothe them
veshnje	clothing
veshnjë	dress
veshnjëje	clothing
veshnjet	the dresses
veshnjetë	autumn
veshnjevet	dresses
veshqetë	kidney
veshshin	wear
veshshinë	clothing
vesht	ear
vësht	ear
veshtë	all ears
vështë	is hardly
veshtënë	autumn
vështënë	autumn
veshti	ear
vështi	Veshti
veshtin	difficult
vështin	they watch
veshtinë	the village
vështinë	village
vështira	difficult
vështiratë	the difficult ones
vështiravet	difficult
vështirë	TOUGH
vështirësi	difficulty
vështirësinë	difficulty
vështirësisë	difficulty
vështirësitë	difficulties
vështirësive	difficulties
vështirshim	gaze
veshtit	Veshti
vështit	it's hard
vështo	look
vështoi	looked
vështoni	look
veshtorit	autumn
vështrime	INSIGHTS
vështrimet	views
Vështrimi	Overview
vështrimin	OVERVIEW
vështrimit	OVERVIEW
vështro	look
vështroi	looked
vështroijnë	they look
Vështroishiem	We watched.
vështroj	look
vështroje	turn both your eye
vështrojë	looks
vështrojëmë	look at me
vështrojënë	look at
vështrojmë	look
vështrojnë	eyeing
vështrojsh	look
vështromë	look at me
vështron	sights
Vështrona	I looked.
vështronetë	look at you
vështroni	Observe
vështronin	they were looking
vështronj	I look.
vështronjç	watch
Vështronje	Observation
vështronjë	look
vështronjën	they looked
vështronjënë	look at each other
vështronte	looked
vështrova	looked
vështrove	beheld
vështruam	looked
vështruan	looked
vështruanë	they looked
vështruar	Seen
vështruarë	looked at
vështruarit	viewing
vështruem	we looked at
vështruenë	looked at
vështrumë	gaze
veshun	dressed
veshunë	ear
veshunit	clothing
veshunitë	clothes
veshur	CLAD
veshura	CLAD
veshurat	wearing
veshurë	dressed
vëshurë	worn
veshurit	dressing
veshuritë	clothing
vet	OWN
veta	OWN
vetash	persons
vetat	own
vetatë	oneself
vetave	own
vetavet	themselves
vete	OWN
vetë	himself
vetëbekohet	bless oneself
vetëbesim	overconfidence
vetëdije	awareness
vetëdijshëm	AWARE
vetëgjyqësi	self-judgment
vetëh	myself
vetehë	alone
vetëhe	yourself
vetëhë	alone
vetëheja	self-image
vetëhen	themselves
vetëhenë	moon
vetëhes	self
vetëhesë	suicide
vetëhet	suicide
vetëhetë	suicide
vetëkontroll	self-control
vetëkontrolli	self-control
vetëkontrollin	self-control
vetëkontrollit	self-control
vetem	Talk
vetëmbrojtjen	self-defense
vetëme	Just the
vetëmë	only
vetëmen	alone
vetëmënë	single mother
vetëmi	alone
vetëminë	loneliness
vetëmish	alone
vetëmit	loneliness
vetëmitë	loneliness
vetëmlindur	Only Begotten
vetëmlinduri	Only begotten
vetëmlindurin	ONLY BEGOTTEN
vetëmlindurit	Only Begotten
veten	YOURSELF
vetën	itself
vetëpërmbajtja	FORBEARANCE
vetëpërmbajtjen	continence
vetëquajtur	self-proclaimed
vetes	YOURSELF
vetesë	oneself
vetësë	self
vetësh	member
vetëshpallur	self-proclaimed
vetet	ourselves
vetët	itself
vetëtë	themselves
Vetëti	Lightning
Vetëtij	Himself
vetëtijë	glitter
vetëtijnë	wink
vetëtijti	oneself
vetëtima	thunderbolt
vetëtimat	lightnings
vetëtimatë	lightning
vetëtimë	lightning
vetëtimën	lightning
vetëtimëra	lightning bolt
vetëtin	lightning
vetëtiu	flashed
vetëve	people
vetëvet	themselves
vetëvetëhe	by itself
vetëvetëhen	themselves
vetevetëhenë	themselves
vetëvetëhenë	themselves
vetëvetëhesë	self-conscious
vetëvetëhet	itself
vetëvetiu	itself
vetëvetiut	self-esteem
vëth	earring
vëthë	ear
vëthët	earring
Vethillë	Eyelid
Vethillënë	Vethille
Vethillësë	The eye
veti	attribute
vetima	VETIM
Vetimat	VETIM
vetimate	lonely
vetimë	alone
vetin	own
vetinë	attribute
vetitë	properties
vetiu	by itself
vetiut	own
vetja	EGO
vetjake	PERSONAL
vetme	single
vetmen	only
vetmet	loneliness
vetmi	ONLY
vetmia	loneliness
vetmin	only
vetminë	loneliness
vetmit	ONLY
vetmja	loneliness
vetmuar	lonely
vetmuara	lonely
vetmuari	loneliness
vetmuarit	the lonely
veton	veto
vetullave	eyebrows
vetvete	ITSELF
vetveten	oneself
vetvetes	ITSELF
vetvetiu	spontaneously
vetvetja	YOURSELF
veveoç	veveoc
veveos	veveos
veveoseshim	we were alone
veveosetë	Ossetian
veveosi	veveosi
veveosjë	something
veveosjëmë	we are sorry
veveosni	please
veveosurë	veveosura
vevet	Veve
veza	Egg
vezë	egg
vezës	egg
vezët	egg
vëzhgimi	MONITORING
vëzhgimin	observation
vëzhgimit	SURVEILLANCE
vëzhgoi	observed
vëzhgojnë	watching
vëzhgon	Observe
vëzhgoni	observe
vëzhgonin	spy
vëzhguan	observed
vëzhguar	observed
vëzhguesit	observers
vezullimin	glow
vezullues	twinkling
vezulluese	twinkling
vgjeri	wide
vgjërit	the veggie
VI	VI
viavet	life
viç	calf
viça	calves
viçash	in abundance
viçat	calves
viçatë	calves
viçave	calves
viçavet	calves
viçe	calf
viçëret	calves
viçi	VEAL
viçin	Calf
viçinë	beef
viçit	calf
viçn	calf
viçre	calf
viçrë	calf
viçret	calves
viderrë	otter
vidh	elm-tree
vidhej	was stolen
vidhen	stolen
vidhenë	stolen
vidhim	theft
vidhin	steal
vidhni	Stealing
vidhnim	steal
vidhnin	stealing
vidhte	stealing
vieç	việc
viedh	steal
viedhazë	veggie
viedhë	thief
viedhëmevet	thieves
viedhës	thief
viedhësa	thief
viedhësash	thieves
viedhësi	theft
viedhësina	theft
viedhësinë	theft
viedhësish	thieves
viedhësitë	thefts
viedhi	theft
viedhinë	the thief
viedhish	false
viedhun	the devil
viedhuna	viedhuna
viedhunë	scoundrel
viedhur	stolen
viedhurë	stolen
viedhurit	the stolen goods
vieherra	wind
vieherrë	windy
vieherrën	the wind
vieherrësë	windy
vieherri	wind
vieherrit	vierherrit
viel	boil
vielat	the cows
vielç	calf
vielënë	the pig
vielësit	the scoundrels
vielët	you will
vielëtë	pigs
vielinë	the vine
viellç	little boy
viellë	veal
viellët	the vines
viellsh	little girl
vielsh	vielsh
vien	VIENNA
vierr	come
vierri	filth
vieshte	it was raining
viet	years
viete	Viet
vietë	country
vietër	wind
vietëra	old man
vietëratë	old man
vietëravet	the living dead
vietërë	old man
vietëri	wind
vietërit	the wind
vietërohenë	they age
vietërohet	becomes old
vietëronenë	veteran
vietëronetë	old man
vietëronjënë	old man
vietërua	aged
vietëruan	they were tired
vietëruanë	they were old
vietëruem	we are old
vietëruenë	old age
vietet	Viet
vieth	wind
viethç	vietnam
viethtë	Vietnamese
vietna	Vietnam
vietratë	vietrate
vietrësë	wind
vietrinë	the wind
vietsh	years
vietvet	places
vig	litter
vigan	mammoth
vigje	mats
vigjëloj	watching
vigjëloni	stay awake
vigjilent	WATCHFUL
vigjilentë	WATCH
vigjilja	eve
vigjiljeje	watches;
vigjilojmë	we watch
vigun	bed
viheç	I am tired.
vihej	laid
vihem	start off
vihemi	Press On
vihen	put
vihenë	put
viheni	surround
vihesh	put you
viheshe	stood
viheshin	were put
viheshinë	were put on
vihet	IS PROVIDED
vihetë	put
vihuni	take your
vii	vii
víi	came
VIII	VIII
vij	I CAME
vija	LINE
vijat	LINE
vije	LINE
vijë	COME
vijëm	I come.
vijëmë	come on
vijen	line
vijën	line
vijënë	the line
vijëza	spots
vijëzë	line
vijëzojnë	they line up
vijëzoni	out for
viji	come
vijin	Below given
vijinë	line
vijmë	Coming
vijn	come
vijnë	COMING
vijni	come near
vijoi	continued
vijojnë	FOLLOWING
vijon	Continued
vijonte	proceed
vijsh	come
vijshim	let's continue
vijshin	come
vijshinë	next door
vijte	screw
vijues	NEXT
vijuese	next Page
viktima	victim
viktimat	VICTIMS
viktimë	victim
viktimën	vICTIM
viktimës	the victim
vil	cottage
vilatë	villa
vilavet	villas
vile	cluster
vilej	draw the
vilën	villa
viles	villa
vilet	grapes
vilëz	cottage
villni	vent
vilni	Exact
Vim	Come
vimë	Coming
vin	come
vinë	Vine
vineni	come here
vini	WELCOME
vinie	arrival
vinim	came
vinin	COME
vininë	Vinine
vinit	you came
vinitë	Vinita
vinj	come
vinjam	I came.
vinjç	grape
vinjë	Vigna
vinjën	they came
vinjënë	vienna
vint	screw
vinte	Vint
vintej	was coming
virenë	virene
vireni	wear it
viretë	viret
virgjën	the virgin
virgjër	virgin
virgjëra	virgin
virgjërave	virgins
virgjëresha	Virgo
virgjëreshat	Virgo
virgjëreshave	virgins
virgjëreshe	virgin
virgjëreshë	virgin
virgjëreshën	virgin
virgjëreshës	Virgin
virgjërinë	virginity
virgjërisë	virginity
virgjëror	virginal
virgjinesha	virgin
virgjineshat	virgins
virgjineshatë	virgins
virgjineshë	virgin
virgjineshën	the virgin
virgjineshësë	virgins
virgjinisë	virginity
viri	come
Virillo	Virillo
virtyt	virtue
virtytin	virtue
virtytit	virtue
virtytshme	virtue
visarin	Visar
vise	dress
vish	coming
visheç	dress
vishei	dress
vishej	dressed
vishem	dress
vishemi	wear
vishen	get dressed
vishenë	dress
visheni	get dressed
vishesh	dress
visheshe	clothe yourself
visheshin	dressed
vishet	gets dressed
vishetë	dress
vishi	Vis
vishiem	clothing
vishja	wear
vishjani	Wear
vishkulla	mistletoe
vishkullë	mistletoe
vishkullohenë	they are confused
vishkullueshë	slytherin
vishnë	cherry
vishni	wear
vishnie	clothing
vishnin	wear
vishnja	cherry
vishnje	cherry
vishnjë	cherry
vishnjeje	cherry
vishnjenë	sour cherry
vishnjënë	cherry
vishnjesë	cherry
vishte	wear
vishu	get dressed
vishuni	CLOTHE YOURSELVES
vit	YEAR
vite	YEARS
vitë	year
vitera	vitreous
vitëre	vitreous
vitëret	the windows
vitesh	YEARS
vitet	years
viteve	YEARS
Vithani	Vithan
Vithania	Vithania
Vithavara	Vithavara
vithe	prat
Vithesdha	Vithesdha
vithezhveshur	buttocks uncovered
Vithfagji	Vithphagy
Vithini	Vithini
vithis	subside
Vithleem	Withleem
Vithleema	Vithleema
Vithleemit	Withleem
Vithsaidha	Vithsaidha
Vithsaidhaja	Vithsaidhaja
viti	YEAR
vitin	YEAR
vitinë	Viti
vitit	YEAR
vitn	domestic sources
vitorea	wine cellar
vitorenë	the stove
vivet	Vive
vivli	vivli
vivlia	life
vivlin	vivlin
Vivlionë	Vivlion
vivlisë	spring
vivlit	live
vizatime	drawings
vizatimeve	drawings
vizatimi	Drawings
vizatimin	charting
vizato	Draw
vizaton	Draws
vizatua	inscribed
vizatues	designer
vizatuesit	workman
vizion	vision
vizionit	vision
Vizita	visiting
vizito	visit
vizitohesh	visited
vizitoi	VISITED
vizitoj	visit
vizitojë	visit
vizitojeni	Visit
viziton	VISITS
vizitonit	visited
vizitosh	visit
vizituar	VISIT
vizorin	the supervisor
vjarë	years
vjeç	YEARS
vjeçare	YEARS
vjeçe	years
vjeçtë	years old
vjedh	rob
vjedhç	thief
vjedhë	rob
vjedhënë	theft
vjedhës	THIEF
vjedhësh	stealing
vjedhësi	thief
vjedhësish	robbers
vjedhësit	thieves
vjedhin	STEAL
vjedhje	theft
vjedhjen	theft
vjedhjet	theft
vjedhjeve	thefts
vjedhshin	plunder
vjedhur	Stolen
vjedhura	stolen
vjedhurat	stolen goods
vjedhurazi	stealthily
vjedhurë	stolen
vjedullat	badger
vjehëra	mother-in-law
vjehërën	mother-in-law
vjehërës	mother-in-law
vjehërësë	mother-in-law
vjehëri	mother-in-law
vjehërrënë	mother-in-law
vjehrra	mother-in-law
vjehrrën	mother in law
vjehrrës	stepmother
vjehrri	father in law
vjehrrin	father in law
vjehrrit	father in law
vjel	harvest
vjelat	crops
vjelave	ingathering
vjelë	harvested
vjelënë	harvest
vjelës	harvester
vjelësh	harvest
vjelësi	one gathering
vjelësit	pickers
vjelim	harvest
vjelin	reap
vjelit	reap
vjelja	Picking
vjeljes	COLLECTION
vjeljeve	levies
vjell	spew
vjella	vomits
vjellat	vomiting
vjellë	vomited
vjellësh	vomit
vjellin	toss
vjelur	harvested
vjen	COMING
vjeshte	autumn
vjeshtës	fALL
vjeshtësë	autumn
vjet	YEAR
vjetë	year
vjetër	old
vjetëra	old
vjetërë	old
vjetërënë	old-fashioned
vjetërësë	old people
vjetëri	senility
vjetërohen	outdated
vjetërohet	wearer
vjetëroi	became obsolete
vjetëronenë	old woman
vjetëronetë	old-fashioned
vjetërsinë	SENIORITY
vjetërve	elderly
vjetësh	YEARS
vjetët	year
vjetëve	years
vjetor	ANNUAL
vjetore	annual
vjetra	old
vjetrë	old
vjetrës	old
vjetrit	Aged
vjetrohen	wear out
vjetrohet	fossilize
vjetroi	became old
vjinë	come
vjollce	blue
vjollcë	purple
vjollcën	blue,
vlage	moisture
vlagë	moisture
vlasfimi	vlasfium
vlasfimia	the slavic
vlasfimiatë	Vlasfimiat
vlasfimie	vlasfimie
vlasfimin	the vlasfim
vlasfiminë	the Vlasfim
Vlasfimisi	Blasphemy
vlasfimisnë	vlasfimisne
vlasfimojë	vlasfimoje
vlasfimojinë	vlasfimojin
vlasfimojnë	they are vlasfim
vlasfimon	vlasfimon
vlasfimuem	vlasfimuem
vlefshëm	available
vlefshme	available
vleftën	value
vlejë	apply
vlejnë	apply
vlejti	worth
vlen	COUNTS
vleni	worth
vlenin	worth
vlente	worth
vlera	value
vlerat	values
vlere	Securities
vlerë	value vessel
vlerën	VALUE
vlerës	VAluE
vlerësim	ASSESSMENT
vlerësimet	RATINGS
vlerësimi	ASSESSMENT
vlerësimin	ASSESSMENT
vlerësimit	ASSESSMENT
vlerësohet	AWARDED
vlerësojë	appreciate
vlerësojmë	ASSESSED
vlerëson	CHERISHES
vlerësoni	assess
vlerësonte	estimated
vlerësuan	evaluated
vlerësuar	evaluated
vllasfimi	brotherhood
vllasfimia	brotherhood
vllasfimin	fraternization
vllasfiminë	brotherhood
vllasfimira	brotherfimira
vllasfimis	brotherhood
vllasfimise	brotherhood
vllasfimisë	brotherhood
Vllasfimisi	Brotherly love
vllasfimisjë	brotherhood
vllasfimisjënë	brotherhood
vllasfimisn	brotherhood
vllasfimisnë	fraternalism
vllasfimisurë	brotherhood
vllasfimjar	brotherly
vllastare	sister
vllastarë	brothers
Vllastosë	Vlasto
vlo	boil
vlofsh	Vlof
vloftë	pile
vloi	boiled
vlojeni	boil it
vlojnë	boiling
vlon	seethe
Vloni	boil
vluan	boiled
vluarë	boiling
Voanergjes	Voianergjes
vobeg	poor
vobegat	poor
vobegë	poor
vobegët	poor
vobegëtë	the poor
vobegëvet	the poor
vobegjet	the poor
vobegjëvet	the poor
vobegjit	poor
vobegjitë	the poor
vobegjivet	poor people
vobegu	poor
vobegun	poor
vobegunë	poor
vobegut	poor
vobek	poor
vobekëtë	poor
vobeknë	poor
vobektë	pauper
vobektin	destitute
vobeku	the poor
vobeq	poor
vobeqit	poor people
vobeqitë	the poor
vobeqt	poor
vobeqtë	poor
vobeqvet	poor people
vobezi	scoundrel
vobezia	poverty
vobezin	the voiceless
vobezinë	poverty
vocërr	wee
vocërravet	little things
vodhe	stolen
vodhë	thief
vodhën	stripped
vodhi	stole
vofshimë	little one
Vofsit	Vophsi
voftë	maybe
vogël	SmAll
vogëla	smaller
vogëlë	small
vogëlënë	little girl
vogëlësë	smallness
vogëli	childhood
vogëlinë	wisp
vogëlit	the little ones
vogëlonetë	little girl
vogëloni	small
vogëlsirë	feather
vogëlua	little girl
vogëluarë	small
vogëluem	little one
vogjëj	small
vogjëjet	the little ones
vogjëjt	the little ones
vogjëjtë	the little ones
vogjëlë	small
vogjëlisë	smallness
vogjëlitë	the little ones
vogjil	small
vogjilë	small
vogjilëvet	the little ones
vogjilish	tiny
vogla	MINOR
voglave	Small Ones
voglën	younger
voglës	younger
vogli	LESSER
voglin	young
voglit	LESSER
voita	voice
voiti	vote
voitnë	vote
voitun	winner
voitunë	your voice
voj	the Vojvodina
voji	Vojin
vojinë	voyeur
vojit	Vojin
vojna	I fought.
vojoi	suffered
vokëtë	vote
voli	timeliness
volinë	convenience
volitshëm	CONVENIENT
volitshme	affordable
volli	vomited
volumë	volume
Vomo	Vomit
vona	late
vonë	LATER
vonesë	delay
vonesën	DELAY
vonëshiminë	lateness
voninë	the delay
vono	delay
vonofsha	late child
vonohei	delayed
vonohej	was late
vonohem	tarry
vonohen	delayed
vonohet	delayed
vonohetë	delayed
vonoi	delayed
vonojë	retard
vonojnë	delay
vonon	delays
vononte	delay
vonosh	delay
vonova	I'm late
vonshëm	later
vonua	delayed
vonuar	delayed
vonue	delay
vonuem	late
vonushë	late
Voozi	Voozi
Voozit	Voozit
Vooznë	Voozne
vorbë	jerry
vorbull	whirlpool
vorbulla	Whirls
vorbullën	whirlpool
vorbullës	whirlwind
voreja	I was tired.
vorfën	poor
vorfënë	poor
vorfënin	the poor
vorfëninë	poverty
vorfënit	the poor
vorfënitë	poverty
vorfënivet	the poor
vorfënuem	we were poor
vorr	Vorre
vorresh	grave
vorret	Vorre
vorretë	graves
vorrevet	graves
vorri	grave
vorrinë	the grave
vorrit	grave
vorronte	was burying
vorrt	grave
vorrue	tomb
vorruem	buried
vorruemesë	gravedigger
vorruemit	we are buried
vorruenë	crypt
vorrumit	the dungeon
Vosorit	Vosorit
vota	VOTES
vote	vote
votëm	we voted
voth	earring
vothç	earring
vothnë	earring
voti	vote
votnë	vote
votrësë	voter
votun	vote
votunë	vote
voza	vats
vozat	vats
vozën	winepress
vozës	rower
vozitësit	the driver
vozitnë	drive
vozitnin	rowing
vozitunit	to drive
vozitur	driving
vra	killed
vraç	murderer
vrafshi	smitten
vrafshim	murder
vrafshin	smitten
vraftë	kill them
Vraje	Away
vram	murder
vramë	killed
vramitë	holes
vran	kill
vranë	killed
vranësinë	cloudiness
vranët	wAN
vranëtë	cloudy
vrap	scurry
vrapëtoi	ran
vrapëtoijnë	they run
vrapëtoj	run
vrapëtojënë	running
vrapëtoni	run
Vrapi	Running
vrapim	RUN
vrapimi	Running
vrapimin	course
Vrapo	Run
vrapoi	ran
vrapoj	scoot
vrapoja	run
vrapojë	run
vrapojnë	running
vrapon	RUN
vraponi	run
vraponin	run
vraponit	were running
vraponte	jogging
vraposh	run
vrapova	I ran
vrapuan	ran
vrapuar	running
vrapuarit	running
vrapues	racer
vrar	killed
vrara	killed
vrare	killing
vrarë	MURDERED
vrarësh	murdered
vraret	killing
vrarët	slain
vrarëtë	the dead
vrarëve	dead
vrarëvet	the dead
vrari	killing
vrarin	slain
vrarit	killing
vras	kill
vrasa	zap
vrase	kill
vrasë	zap
vrasëja	the murderer
vrasëje	murder
vrasëjen	the murderer
vrasëmë	murder
vrasën	they killed
vrasënë	murderer
vrasës	killer
vrasëse	murderess
vrasësh	kill
vrasësi	The murderer
vrasësin	assassin
vrasësit	assassins
vrasësve	assassins
vrasi	kill
vrasie	murder
vrasievet	murders
vrasim	kill
vrasimë	murder
vrasin	KILL
vrasinë	the murder
vrasish	Killing
vrasja	killing
vrasje	murder
vrasjë	murder
vrasjen	KILLING
vrasjes	KILLING
vrasjet	MURDERS
vrasjeve	homicide
vrastare	murderous
vratë	killed the
vrau	KILLED
vrava	killed
vrave	killed
vrazhdë	coarsely
vrazhëtë	rude
vrë	kill
vreëlë	killed
vreës	scolding
vreësh	cloud
vreil	vreil
vreila	veila
vreilat	the freckles
vreilatë	verilata
vreilë	veli
vrejëlatë	cloudy
vrejëlë	yellow
vrer	gall
vrërëtë	empty
vreri	Biliary
vrerin	gall
vrëronj	deserts
vreruanë	they were angry
vresëjë	cloud
vresht	vineyard
vreshta	VINEYARDS
vreshtarë	tenants
vreshtarët	Growers
vreshtarëve	growers
vreshtari	VITICULTURE
vreshtarit	vinedresser
vreshtash	vineyards
vreshtat	vineyards
vreshtave	vineyards
vreshtë	Vines
vreshti	vine
vreshtin	vineyard
vreshtit	vineyard
vret	KILLS
vrijon	boils
vrijuenë	boiled
vrima	hole
vrimat	holes
vrimë	hole
vrimën	hole
vringëllij	flourish
vringëllimën	shaking
Vringëlloje	Circle it.
vringëllojnë	brandish
vringëllon	brandishes
vringëllonin	drew
vrisinë	the murder
vrisja	kill
vrisje	kill
vrisn	they kill
vrisnë	kill
vrisni	kill
vrisnin	kill
vriste	kill
vristej	was killed
vrit	kill
Vrite	Kill
vritej	killed
vritem	killed
vritemi	put to death
vriten	killed
vritenë	killed
vriteni	KILL
vritesh	killed
vriteshin	killed
vriteshinë	murder
vritet	killed
vritetë	murder
vriti	Kill
vritini	Kill
vritishnë	murder
vritmë	then kill
vritn	killed
vritnë	kill
vritni	Slay
vritnin	kill
vritshiem	murder
vritshinë	vineyard
vrojtoi	observed
vrojtojnë	observe
vromëcira	Vromècira
vromet	vromet
vromin	I'm tired.
vrug	smut
Vrugu	blight
vruimë	we are bored
vruimet	bruises
vrujoi	frowned
vrull	momentum
vrullshme	rapid
vrumbullijnë	roar
vrumbullima	roaring
vrumbullimit	roaring
vrumbullin	roar
vrumbullit	lion
vrumbulloi	roared
vrumbulloj	roared
vrumbullojë	roar
vrumbullojnë	lions
vrumbullon	roar
vrumbullues	lion
vrundullë	whirlwind
vrundullën	the whirlwind
vu	put
vuadhë	suffering
vuaj	grill
vuajë	suffer
vuajmë	suffer
vuajnë	suffer
vuajtën	they suffered
vuajtët	began suffering
vuajti	suffered
vuajtja	suffering
vuajtje	suffering
vuajtjeje	suffering
vuajtjen	Wrath
vuajtjes	Tribulation
vuajtjesh	Distress
vuajtjet	sufferings
vuajtjeve	suffering
vuajtur	suffered
vuajturë	suffered
vuajturit	afflicted
vuan	suffering
vuani	suffer
vuanin	suffer
vuanjç	suffer
vuanje	suffering
vuante	suffer
vuar	seasoned
vuarët	seasoned
vuash	suffer
vuçë	Vuce
vueituni	watch it
vueitunit	vueituni
vuej	suffer
vuejmë	we suffer
vuel	burn
vuer	put
vufsha	vufsha
vufshin	vufshin
vufshinë	village
vuftë	vulva
vujem	I suffer.
vula	SEAL
vulat	STAMPS
vulatë	seal
vule	seal
vulë	seal
vulën	seal
vulënë	the seal
vullnet	WILL
vullnetare	VOLUNTARY
vullnetarisht	VOLUNTARY
vullnetet	wills
vullneti	WILL
vullnetin	WILL
vullnetit	WILL
vullnetmirë	willing
vullnetshme	voluntary
vuloç	seal
vuloijnë	seal
vulos	seal
vulosa	sealed
vulose	seal
vulosen	SEALED
vulosën	they sealed
vuloseni	seal
vulosët	seal
vulosi	Seal
vulosim	seal
vulosje	sealing
vulosjeje	seal
vulosjëmë	let's seal it
vulosnë	seal
vulosur	sealed
vulosura	sealed
vulosurë	sealed
vulosuret	seals
vum	I put
vumë	We placed
vumeja	the stamp
vumen	Woman
vumes	puter
vumesë	stamp
vumësi	the driver
vun	put
vuna	I put
vune	put
vunë	put
vuni	put
vura	Vuran
vure	didst
vurë	Vuren
vuri	pointed
vurrata	bruises
vurratat	wounds
vurratave	wounds
vush	vush
vushë	I saw
vut	put
vutë	you are
vutisnë	in the air
vuv	wow
vuvak	vuvak
vuvëritë	the scumbags
vuvi	wow
Vuvosu	Vuvosu
vuvosura	suffocated
vuvosurë	vuvosure
vuvosuri	vuvosuri
vyer	VVER
vyerë	wine
vyshk	shrivel up
vyshken	wither
vyshkën	wither
vyshket	fading
vyshketë	wilt
vyshkunë	vyshkun
xan	xan
xanë	already conquered
xanxëra	ants
xë	he learns
xedha	mine
xedhënë	grandmother
xëmë	we lost
xënë	learned
xënëset	schoolgirls
xëni	learn
xënjë	kid
xerahitëve	Zerahites
xërë	hole
xësh	go
xhakona	deacon
xhakonat	deacons
Xhakonatë	Deaconry
xhehenem	hell
xhehenemit	hell
xhelat	hangman
xhelatit	the executioner
xheloz	jealous
xhelozi	jealousy
xhelozia	jealousy
xhelozinë	jealousy
xhelozisë	jealousy
xhelozitë	emulations
xherahë	wound
xhevahir	jewel
xhevahire	Jewelery
xhevahiresh	jewelry
xhevahiret	Treasures
xhevahiri	jewel
xhevap	pocket
xhindosurë	crazy
xhindosurit	the demons
XI	XI
xierrsh	xierrsh
XII	XII
XIII	XIII
xini	xin
xinje	girl
XIV	XIV
XIX	XIX
xixa	sparks
xjer	go out
xjerëmë	scum
xjuaj	shoot
xori	take out
xuarë	gold
xuarrë	nut
xuer	xuer
xune	xun
xunë	we are hungry
xuni	Zuni
xunkth	bulrush
xunkthat	rushes
xunkthe	reeds
xunkthi	reedy
xura	I cried.
xurxull	intoxicated
xutë	shoe
XV	XV
XVI	XVI
XVII	XVII
XVIII	XVIII
XX	XX
XXI	XXI
XXII	XXII
XXIII	XXIII
XXIV	XXIV
XXV	XXV
XXVI	XXVI
XXVII	XXVII
XXVIII	XXVIII
yje	STARS
yjesh	stars
yjësitë	constellations
yjet	STARS
yjetë	stars
yjeve	STARS
yjevet	stars
yjt	stars
yjtë	stars
yl	star
ylber	rainbow
ylberi	RAINBOW
ylberin	the rainbow
ylberinë	the rainbow
yll	STAR
ylli	star
yllin	star
yllinë	the star
yllit	STAR
yn	our
yndyra	GREASE
yndyrë	fat
yndyrën	the fat
ynë	OUR
yni	ours
ynit	ours
yshtës	exorcist
yshtësin	sorcerers
yshtësit	sorcerers
yshtje	incantation
yshtjet	enchantments
yshtjeve	enchantments
yshtur	bewitched
yt	your
yti	yours
z	Mr.
za	Mr. A.
Zaaham	Zaham
Zaananim	Zaanannim
Zaavani	Zaavan
Zabadi	Zabad
Zabadit	Zabad
Zabai	Zabai
Zabait	Zabait
Zabdi	Zabdi
Zabdieli	Zabdiel
Zabdielit	Zabdiel
Zabdihu	Zabdi
Zabdit	man by man
Zabdiut	Zabdi
zabitër	officer
Zabudi	Zabbud
Zabulloni	Zabuloni
Zabullonit	Zabulon
Zabulluni	Get lost
Zabullunit	Zabulun
Zabulon	Zebulun
Zabuloni	Zebulun
Zabulonie	Zebulun
Zabulonin	Zebulun
Zabulonit	Zebulun
zabulonitëve	Zebulunites
Zafir	Sapphire
Zafnath	Zafnath
Zahabit	Dizahab
Zahari	Zaharie
Zaharia	Zechariah
Zaharianë	Zachariah
Zahariasë	Zechariah
Zaharinë	Zacharias
Zaharisë	Zachariah
Zahariut	Zachary
zahirenë	food in
zahiretë	provision:
zahmeçime	noises
zahmeçme	sly
zahmet	hardness
zahmetëçme	troublesome
zahmetet	difficulties
zahmetnë	difficulty
Zain	Zain
zaje	gravel
zajë	maid
zajet	gravel
zajevet	the stars
Zajin	Zajin
Zajn	Zayn
Zakait	Zaccai
Zakari	Zachary
Zakaria	Zechariah
Zakarian	Zechariah
Zakarias	Zacharias
Zakarisë	Zechariah
Zake	Zacchaeus
Zakeu	Zacchaeus
Zakhe	Zakhia
Zakheo	Zacchaeus
Zakheu	Zacchaeus
Zakheua	Zacchaeus
zakon	CUSTOM
zakone	habits
zakonesh	customs
zakonet	HABITS
zakonetë	customs
zakoneve	CUSTOMS
zakonevet	customs
zakoni	custom
zakonin	habit
zakoninë	habit
zakonisht	usually
zakonit	custom
zakonshëm	ordinary
zakonshme	ORDINARY
Zakuri	Zaccur
Zakurit	Zaccur
zall	shingle
zallahi	combustion
zallahia	the sly
zallahie	combustion
zallahin	zallahin
zambak	lily
zambakë	lilies
zambakët	lily
zambakëve	lilies
zambaku	lily
zambakut	lily
zamë	Zamen
zamërë	anger
Zammzumimë	Zamzumime
zamzumimë	them Zamzummim
zan	Gen.
zana	fairy
zanafilla	GENESIS
zanash	fairy
zanat	craft
zanatçi	craftsman
zanate	crafts
zanati	The craft
zanatin	craft
zanatit	apprenticeships
zanavet	fairies
zançinë	the slang
zanë	fairy
zanës	Zana
zanet	fairy
zanëtë	fairy tales
zani	sound
zanin	Zani
zaninë	fairy
zanit	Zani
Zanoah	Zanoah
Zanoahit	Zano'ah
Zanoahu	Zanoah
Zanoahut	Zanoah
zantë	Zante
zap	slave
zapëtojënë	to conquer
Zara	Zara
Zarah	Zarah
Zarahu	Zarah
Zaranë	Zara
zarar	harm
zarhitët	Zerahite
zarhitëve	Zarhites
Zatu	Zatthu
Zatuit	Zat'tu
Zatujit	Zattu
Zavullon	It is noisy.
Zavullonit	Zebulunites
Zaza	Black
Zb	Rev
zbardh	whitewash
zbardhë	highlight
zbardhen	white
zbardhësh	white
zbardhi	it was
zbardhjë	whiten
zbardhojë	whiten
zbardhojnë	ripe
zbardhte	dawn
zbardhuara	whitewashed
zbardhur	white
zbardhura	bleached
zbarkoi	landed
zbarkua	landed
Zbath	pull off
zbathur	barefoot
zbatim	implementation
zbatimi	APPLICATION
zbatimin	implementation
zbato	Apply
zbatohen	APPLY
zbatoheshin	implemented
zbatohet	APPLY
zbatoi	implemented
zbatoj	apply
zbatoja	ever keeping
Zbatoje	apply
zbatojë	PROCEED
zbatojeni	Apply
Zbatoji	Apply
zbatojini	Implement
zbatojmë	apply
zbatojnë	implement
zbaton	Apply
zbatoni	APPLY
zbatonim	implement it
zbatonin	apply
zbatonte	apply
zbatosh	implement
zbatova	have kept
zbatove	executedst
zbatuan	implemented
zbatuar	implemented
zbatuat	you implemented
zbatues	IMPLEMENTING
zbatuesi	implementer
zbatuesin	implementer
zbatuesve	enforcement
zbavitje	spree
zbehën	faded
zbehet	FADE
zbehta	slimmer
zbehtë	pale
zboi	zboi
zbojë	paint
zbojënë	the color
zbon	it decreases
zbonej	crazy
zbora	Zbor
zbranisjënë	defense
zbranisn	defense
zbranisnë	evacuation
zbranisurë	emptied
zbras	Clears
zbraz	unload
Zbraze	Clear
zbrazë	deplete
zbrazen	emptied
zbrazën	emptied
zbrazësit	wick
zbrazet	BLANK
zbrazët	BLANK
zbrazëta	empty
zbrazëti	void
zbrazëtitë	GAPS
zbrazi	emptied
zbrazin	dump
zbrazni	empty
zbraznin	emptied
zbrazur	emptied
zbres	subtract
zbresë	down
zbresënë	descend
zbresësh	down
zbresim	down
zbresin	descend
zbresj	get off
zbret	SLIPS
zbrisja	get off
zbrisje	come down
zbrisnë	descend
zbrisni	down
zbrisnin	down
zbriste	down
zbrit	Go down
zbrita	went down
zbrite	came down
zbritëm	down
zbritën	down
zbriti	landed
zbritja	DESCENT
zbritjë	go down
zbritm	discount
zbritn	Rebate
zbritnë	descend
zbritshin	let them go down
zbritur	descended
zbriturë	descended
zbuarë	revealed
zbukurim	decoration
zbukurime	trappings
zbukurimi	Beautifying
zbukurimin	beautification
zbukurohej	decked
zbukurohesh	adorned
zbukuroheshe	beautify
zbukurohet	whitewashed
zbukuroi	beautified
zbukurojë	beautify
zbukurojmë	adorn
zbukurojnë	beautify
zbukuron	beautifies
zbukuroni	garnish
zbukuronte	ornaments
zbukurova	decked
zbukurove	decked
zbukuruar	decorated
zbukuruara	decorated
zbukurues	ornamental
zbukuruese	ornamental
zbulesa	revelations
zbulesat	revelations
zbulesave	revelations
zbulese	revelation
zbulesë	revelations
zbulesën	the revelation
zbulesës	revelation
Zbulimi	DISCLOSURE
zbulo	DISCOVER
zbulohej	unravel
zbulohen	DISCOVERED
zbulohet	Discovered
zbuloi	REVEALED
zbuloj	ferret
zbulojë	reveal
zbulon	REVEALS
zbulonetë	revelations
zbuloni	FIND
zbulonte	Revealing
zbulosh	reveal
zbulove	revealed
zbulua	discovered
zbuluan	found
zbuluanë	they discovered
zbuluar	FOUND
zbuluara	Found
zbuluarë	discovered
zbuluaritë	discoveries
zbuluesi	revealer
zbuluesit	SPIES
zbusë	soften
zbuste	soften
zbut	soothe
zbuten	mitigated
zbutenë	soften
zbutet	melt
zbuti	softened
zbutur	MITIGATE
zdrukthëtar	woodworker
zdrukthëtarë	carpentry
zdrukthëtari	woodwork
zdrukthëtarit	carpenters
ze	vox
zë	OUT
Zebadiahu	Zebadiah
Zebadjah	Zebadiah
Zebahu	Ze'bah
Zebahun	Zebee
Zebahut	Zebee
Zebedenë	Zebedee
Zebedeun	Zebedee
Zebedeut	Zebedee
Zebeen	Zebeen
Zebidah	Zebidah
Zebin	Zebi
Zebina	Zebina
Zebubi	Zebub
Zebubin	Zebub
Zebuli	Zebul
Zebulit	Zebul
Zebullun	Zebulun
Zebulluni	Zebulun
Zebulluninë	Zebulun
zëç	voice
zëdhënësi	SPOKESMAN
Zeebi	Zeeb
Zeebin	Zeeb
Zeebit	Zeeb
Zefoi	Zefoi
Zefoit	Zephoit
zefonit	zephon
zefqetë	yellow
zejinë	craft
zejtarë	craftsman
zejtarët	craftsmen
zejtarëve	Crafts
zejtari	craftsmanship
Zekeri	Zacher
zëli	voice
zëlia	the trap
zëlinë	the enemy
zëlisë	prison
zëlitar	soldier
zell	DILIGENCE
zellë	alacrity
zellëtar	diligent
zelli	zeal
zellin	ZEAL
zellshëm	ZEALOUS
zellshme	earnest
Zellshmi	Zealot
zelltar	zeal
zelltarë	zeal
zelltari	diligence
Zelofehad	Zelophehad
Zelota	Zealot
Zelotë	Zealot
zelotët	zealots
zelotëve	zealots
Zeloti	Zealot
zëmë	Suppose
zemër	heart
zëmër	snack
zemëra	anger
zëmëra	heart
zemërak	peevish
zëmërak	angry
zemërake	the angry
zemërakë	grumpy
zëmërakëvet	the angry ones
Zemëraku	Heartache
zemërat	heart
zëmërat	hearts
zemërata	fury
zëmërata	anger
zemëratë	wrath
zëmëratë	heartache
zemëratën	ire
zemëratënë	anger
zemëratës	anger
zemëratësë	anger
zemëratët	the angry ones
zemërave	heart
zemëravet	angry
zëmëravet	hearts
zemërbutë	forgiving
zemërbutësi	forgiveness
zemërbutësia	Leniency
zemërbutësinë	gentleness
zemërbutësisë	gentleness
zemërbutët	the meek
zemërdrejtë	honest
zemërdrejtët	the righteous
zemëre	heart
zemërë	heart
zëmëre	heart
zëmërë	heart
zëmërëbutë	soft-hearted
zemërëgjan	heartbroken
zemërëkeq	ill-tempered
zemërën	the heart
zëmërën	heart
zemërënë	heart
zëmërënë	heartbroken
zemërës	angry
zemërësë	angry
zëmërësë	hearty
zemëret	angry
zemërët	hearts
zëmëret	hearts
zëmërët	hearts
zëmërëvogjëjtë	little hearts
zemërgëzuarit	merryhearted
zemërgjerë	generous
zemërgjerësi	generosity
Zemërgjerësia	largess
zemërgjerësie	generosity
zemërgjerësinë	generosity
zemërgjerësisë	generosity
zemërgjëri	generosity
zemërgur	heartless
zemërim	Outrage
zëmërim	resentment
zemërime	anger
zëmërime	resentment
zemërimet	anger
Zëmërimet	The resentments
zemërimi	outrage
zëmërimi	wrath
zemërimin	wrath
zëmërimin	anger
zemëriminë	anger
zemërimit	wrath
zëmërimit	anger
zemërimn	anger
zëmërimn	anger
zemërimnë	anger
zëmërimnë	anger
zemërimt	anger
zëmërimt	anger
zemërinit	angry
zemërit	anger
zemërkatranë	tar-hearted
zemërkrenar	proud heart
zemërkryeneçë	stouthearted
zemërlënduar	doleful
zemërlëshuarit	feebleminded
zemërmadh	merciful
zemëro	Darling
zëmëro	get angry
zemërohej	angry
zemërohem	flare up
zemërohen	angry
zemëroheni	angry
zemërohesh	angry
zemëroheshe	angry
zemëroheshin	they were angry
zemëroheshinë	they were angry
zemërohet	angry
zemërohetë	get angry
zemërohi	get angry
Zemërohuni	Tremble
Zëmërohuni	Get angry.
zemëroi	angered
zëmëroi	angered
zëmëronejnë	they get angry
zemëronem	I get angry.
zëmëronem	I get angry.
zëmëronesh	get angry
zemëronetë	angry
zëmëronetë	angry
zemëroni	SLOW ABOUT WRATH
zëmëroni	get angry
zëmëronishnë	angry
zemëronjç	angry
zëmëronjënë	angry
zemërova	wroth
zemërove	incensed
zëmërove	you got angry
Zemërpërdali	faithless
zemërshthurur	froward heart
zemërthyer	heartbroken
zemërthyerin	Brokenhearted
zemërthyerit	Brokenhearted
zemërthyerve	brokenhearted
zemëru	get angry
zemërua	wroth
zëmërua	wroth
zemëruan	wroth
zemëruanë	they got angry
zëmëruanë	they got angry
zemëruar	furious
zemëruarë	angry
zëmëruarë	angry
zëmëruarit	the angry ones
zëmëruaritë	anger
zemëruashë	I got angry.
zemëruatë	angry
zëmëruatë	angry
zemërue	angry
zemëruem	angry
zemëruemë	we got angry
zemëruen	they got angry
zemëruenë	angry
zemërueshë	angry
zemërumë	angry
Zemërurti	The wise
zemërvrarë	heartsick
zemësë	heart
Zemirahu	Zemirah
zemra	heart
zëmra	heart
zemrat	hearts
zëmrat	hearts
zemratë	hearts
zëmratë	heartbroken
zemrave	hearts
zemre	heart
zëmrë	heart
zemrën	the heart
zemrënë	the heart
zëmrënë	heartbroken
zemrës	heart
zëmrës	heart failure
zemrësë	heart
zëmrësë	heart
zemrët	hearts
zen	it is
zën	occupy
zëna	Absorbed
Zenanë	Women
zënat	the voices
zënçinë	quarrel
zënë	BUSY
zënëja	occupation
zënëje	occupation
zënëjenë	busyness
zënëjet	occupations
Zenën	Occupying
Zenës	ZENES
zënës	occupant
zënësit	occupiers
zënët	Occupying
Zeni	Zen
zëni	zenith
zënit	conception
zënja	occupancy
zënjëra	voice
zënkat	strife
zënkë	tiff
zëntë	Let them
Zepfora	Zephyr
zër	laid with
zëra	voice
Zerah	Zarah
Zerahiah	Zerahiah
Zerahiahu	Zerahiah
Zerahiahut	Zareha
zerahitëve	Zarhite
Zerahu	Zerah
Zerahun	Zerah
Zerahut	Zerah
Zerajahut	Zerahiah
zërash	voices
zërat	ITEMS
zërave	ITEMS
zëre	CATCH
zërë	take
Zeredit	Zered
Zeresh	Zeresh
Zereshin	Zeresh
zëret	voices
zëri	voice
zëria	voice
zërin	the voice
zërinë	Zerina
zërit	SOUND
zëru	lie
Zerubabelit	Zerubbabel
zes	noise
zësh	catching
zeshkatë	brunette
zeshkëta	brunette
zeshkëtë	brunettes
zet	dislike
zët	dislike
Zethami	Zetham
Zethani	Zethan
Zetharin	Zethar
Zeus	Zeus
Zeusi	Thunderer
Zeusiishte	Zeusian
Zeusit	Zeus
Zevedheonë	Zebedee
Zevedheosë	Zebedee
Zeveenë	Zeveena
zëvendësohej	replaced
zëvendësojë	replace
zëvendësojmë	Substitute
zëvendësuar	REPLACE
Zëvendësuesi	replacement
zeza	BLACK
zezat	black
zezë	BLACK
zezën	calamity
zgafelles	swindler
zgavra	hollow
zgavrat	cavities
zgavrën	cavity
zgjas	stretch
zgjasë	extend
zgjasin	lengthen
zgjasni	extend
zgjaste	last
zgjat	MANY
zgjata	I stretched
zgjate	Bow
zgjatë	last
zgjatej	lengthen
zgjaten	extended
zgjatën	lasted
zgjatësh	stretch
zgjatet	EXTENDED
zgjati	lasted
zgjatin	extend
zgjatja	extension
zgjatje	extension
zgjatni	extend
zgjatnin	they lasted
zgjatur	extended
zgjatura	extended
zgjebe	mange
zgjeben	scab
zgjedh	yoke
zgjedha	yoke
zgjedhat	yoke
zgjedhë	CHOOSES
zgjedhën	yoke
zgjedhënë	chosen
zgjedhës	VOTER
zgjedhësh	choose
zgjedhim	CHOOSE
zgjedhin	choose
zgjedhja	Choosing
zgjedhjëmë	choose me
zgjedhjen	SELECTION
zgjedhjes	SELECTION
zgjedhunit	elect
zgjedhur	ELECTED
zgjedhura	Featured
zgjedhurë	chosen
zgjedhurësë	selector
zgjedhuret	the chosen ones
zgjedhuri	chosen
zgjedhurin	chosen
zgjedhurinë	choice
zgjedhurit	ELECT
zgjedhuritë	choices
zgjedhurpërfaqëson	chosenrepresents
zgjedhurve	the chosen ones
Zgjero	Enlarge
zgjerohet	expands
zgjeroj	expand
zgjeroje	enlarge
zgjerojë	dilate
zgjerojënë	expand
zgjerojnë	widen
zgjeron	Enlarge
zgjeroni	Enlarge
zgjerosh	enlarge
zgjeruar	EXTENDED
zgjeruarë	expanded
zgjidh	SELECT
zgjidhë	resolve
zgjidheç	solver
zgjidhej	elected
zgjidhën	untied
zgjidhenë	resolved
zgjidheni	select
zgjidhesh	loosed
zgjidhësh	loose
zgjidhet	CHOSEN
zgjidhi	Loosen
zgjidhiç	solve
zgjidhini	Settle
Zgjidhja	The solution
zgjidhjë	solve
zgjidhnë	solve
zgjidhni	Select
Zgjidhnie	Choose it.
zgjidhnin	choose
zgjidhte	choose
zgjidhur	RESOLVED
zgjidhurë	solve
zgjodh	elected
zgjodha	elected
zgjodhe	You chose
zgjodhë	elected
zgjodhëm	selected
zgjodhën	elected
zgjodhët	selected
zgjodhi	selected
zgjohej	wake up
zgjohem	wake
zgjohemi	wake up
zgjohen	waking
zgjohesh	wake up
zgjohet	riser
zgjohu	rouse
Zgjohuni	Awake
zgjoi	Beehive
zgjoj	arouse
zgjojë	awaken
zgjojnë	arouse
zgjon	arouses
zgjoni	AWAKEN
zgjosh	wake
zgjova	I woke up
zgju	woke
zgjua	beehive
zgjuadh	hive
zgjuadhtë	beehive
zgjuan	woke
zgjuanë	woke up
zgjuar	smart
zgjuarë	smart
zgjuarsi	wit
zgjuarsia	cleverness
zgjuarsie	brains
zgjuarsinë	cleverness
zgjuarsisë	understanding
zgjuarve	discerning
Zgjuhi	Wake up.
zgjyra	dross
zgjyrat	dross
zgjyrë	dross
zgjyrën	dross
zhbëjë	undo
zhbën	undoes
zhbihen	they undress
zhbij	undo
zhbije	undo
zhbin	undo
zhbirojnë	things of
zhbish	undress
zhbiva	I untied
zhburrëruarit	effeminate
zhdavaritet	passed away
zhdëmtimi	guilt
zhdëmtimin	compensation
zhdëmtojë	compensate
zhdërvjelltësi	agility
zhduk	wipe
zhduka	might destroy
zhdukë	END
zhdukej	DISAPPEAR
zhduken	GONE
zhdukën	disappeared
zhdukeni	disappear
zhdukesh	disappear
zhdukësh	destroy
zhdukeshin	disappear
zhduket	DISAPPEAR
zhduki	destroy
zhdukim	efface
zhdukin	eradicate
zhdukje	evaporation
zhdukjen	DISAPPEARANCE
zhdukjes	disappearance
zhdukni	Eliminate
zhduksh	disappear
zhdukshin	perish
zhdukte	overthrow
zhduktë	overthrow
zhduku	fuck off
zhdukuni	disappear
zhdukur	missing
zheg	scorching heat
zhegun	Zhegu
zhegut	heat that
zhgabe	kite
zhgënjehet	disappointed
zhgënjej	disappoint
zhgënjeve	shame
zhgënjim	disappointment
zhgënjyen	disappointed
zhgënjyer	disappointed
zhgënjyes	disappointing
zhgërryhet	wallowing
zhierë	boil
zhurin	Zhur
zhurit	scorching
zhuritëse	scorching
zhuritur	dry
zhurma	bang
zhurmat	noise
zhurmë	noise
zhurmëmadh	rowdy
zhurmëmadhe	noisy
zhurmën	sound
zhurmës	noise
zhurmimi	jamming
zhurmojë	resound
zhurmojnë	rush
zhurmonte	a commotion
zhurmshëm	roaring
zhurmshme	noisy
zhvat	winkle
zhvatës	hog
zhvatësit	extortioners
zhvatja	extortion
zhvatur	extorted
zhvendos	transpose
zhvendosë	transpose
zhvendosem	move
zhvendosen	relocating
zhvendoseshin	moved
zhvendoset	Moves
zhvendosi	relocated
zhvendosin	move
zhvendosjet	DISPLACEMENT
zhvendosjeve	displacement
Zhvendosu	Move
zhvendosur	DISPLACED
zhvesh	strip
zhveshë	strip
zhveshën	stripped
zhveshët	put off
zhveshi	exonerated
zhveshim	Off
zhveshin	strip
zhveshja	uNCOATING
zhveshjes	dressing
zhveshur	stripped
zhveshura	bare
zhveshurit	exactions
zhvillimi	COUNTRY DEVELOPMENT
zhvilloheshin	developed
zhvillohet	HELD
zhvillua	place
zhvilluan	place
zhvilluara	CARRIED
Zhvishe	strip
zhvishemi	disrobing
zhvisheni	undress
zhvishet	undress
zhvishje	naked
zhvishni	Strip
zhvishnin	raiders
zhvishuni	Strip
zhvleftëson	invalidates
zhvlerësoi	Blotting
zhvoshkje	excoriation
zhvoshkur	peeled
zhysë	dive
zhyt	immerse
zhyta	dived
zhytë	dip
zhytem	wallow
zhyten	dive
zhytën	dipped
zhytësh	dip, to plunge
zhyteshinë	they were diving
zhytet	sinks
zhyti	filled
zhytunë	immersed
zhytur	immersed
zi	mourning
zia	mourning
ziar	Ziarat
ziari	the blacksmith
ziarit	the ziari
ziarm	boiling water
ziarr	fire
ziarri	black pepper
ziarrm	fire
ziarrmi	fire
ziarrmit	ziarrm
ziarrmt	zaarmt
ziarrmta	firecracker
Zibeon	Zibeon
Zibeoni	Zib'e ·
Zibeonit	Zibeon
zie	EIO
ziejë	boil
ziejnë	boil
zien	abound with
zieni	seethe
ziente	burned
zier	COOKING
zierë	boiled
ziesh	seethe
Zif	Zip
Zifahu	Ziphah
Zifasit	Ziphs
Zifasitë	The Ziphas
zifejtë	Ziph
zifenjtë	the blacksmiths
Zifi	Ziph
Zifin	Ziph
Zifioni	Zifion
Zifit	Ziph
Zifron	It encrypts.
zigare	cigar
zigarea	cigar
zigareja	the cigarette
zigaresë	cigarette
zigjesh	black
zigjit	zig zag
zigoi	zygote
zigonë	zygote
Zigora	Zigora
zihej	overgrown
zihen	they fight
zihenë	they fight
ziheni	quarrels
zihesh	you quarrel
ziheshin	arguing
ziheshinë	they fought
zihet	boil
zihetë	blackened
zihi	black
zihishnë	sly
zihu	Zihua
zij	I am hungry.
zija	famine
zije	mourning
zijn	are
zijnë	zijn
zijshinë	blackness
Zikri	Zikr
Zikrit	Zich'ri
zile	bell
zilepsnë	zilipsne
zilepsni	slip away
zilepsurë	muddy
zilepsuritë	the sloppiness
zili	envy
zilia	envy
ziliar	envious
ziliarë	envious
zilie	envy
zilinë	Zilina
ziliqar	jealous
ziliqare	jealous
ziliqarë	jealous
zilira	envy
zilisë	envy
zilitar	envious
zilitë	envies
zilkat	bells
Zilloteu	Zillotheu
Zilloti	Zillot
Zillpahësë	Zilpahës
Zilpah	Leah
Zilpaha	Zilpah
Zilpahënë	Zilpahne
Zilpahës	Leah
Zilpahësë	Zilpah
Zilpahut	Zilpah
Zimahu	Zemma
Zimahut	Zemma
zimbile	bells
Zimramin	Zimran
Zimranë	Winter
Zimranin	him Zimran
Zimri	Zimri
Zimrit	Zimri
zin	black
zina	Reliable
Zinanë	adultery
zinçir	chain
zinçire	chain
zinçirë	chain
zinçiret	chains
zinçiretë	chain
zinçirëtë	chains
zinçirëvet	chains
zinçirit	chainsaw
zinë	mourning
zini	Catch
zinia	youth
zinin	Zini
zinj	black
zinte	Zinta
zintte	white
zinxhir	STRAND
zinxhirë	chains
zinxhirësh	chain
zinxhirët	chain
zinxhirëve	bonds
zinxhirin	chain
Zipporahënë	Zipporah
ziq	black
ziqt	black
zireni	turn off
ziri	black
zirie	scolding
zirinë	the darkness
Zirmëni	Zirmeni
Ziru	Ziru
zisë	mourning
zishinë	blackness
Zithri	Zithri
Zivë	zíve
zivit	Ziv
Ziza	Black
Zizan	Ziza
zjar	Fire engulfs
zjari	burning fire
zjarit	bullet
zjarr	fire
zjarri	FirE
zjarrin	fire
zjarrinë	the fire
zjarrit	fire
zjarrmi	glow
zjarrt	fire
zjarrta	fiery
zjarrtë	fiery
zjarta	firewells
zjartë	fire
zmadhoje	Gifts
zmadhuar	LARGE
zmbrapsa	recoiled
zmbrapsen	retreat
zmbrapsën	repulsed
zmbrapset	kick
zmbrapshin	repel
zmir	heart
zmire	heart
zmirë	envy
zmiri	heart
zmirin	envy
zmirinë	envy
zmirit	heart
zmiruenë	improved
Zoan	Doan
Zoanësë	Zoan
Zoanit	Zo'an
Zoar	Zoar
Zoara	Zoara
Zoarë	Zoar
Zoarit	Zohar
zodiakut	zodiac
Zofari	Zophar
zog	bird
zogj	birds
zogjet	the birds
zogjsh	bird
zogjt	birds
zogjtë	birds
zogjve	birds
zografisurë	painted
zogu	BIRD
zogun	bird
zogut	Zog
Zohar	Zohar
Zohari	Zohar
Zoharit	Zohar
Zoheletit	Serpent's
Zohethi	Zoheth
zok	friend
zon	sir
zona	ZONE
zonat	AREAS
zonë	area
zonën	ZONE
zonës	ArEA
zonj	Madame
zonja	LADY
zonjat	ladies
zonjave	ladies
zonjë	lady
zonjën	Lady
zonjënë	the lady
zonjës	ASSUMPTION
zonjësë	lady
zoq	sir
zoqsh	bird
zoqt	sir
zoqtë	you are welcome
zoqvet	Mr. and Mrs.
Zorababelit	Zerubbabel
Zorahut	Zorah
Zorkadhe	Zorkadhe
Zorkadhea	Zorkadhea
Zorobabel	Zerubbabel
Zorobabeli	Zorobabel
Zorobabelin	Zorobabel
Zorobabelit	Zerubbabel
Zorovaveli	Zorovavel
Zorovavelit	Zoroaster
Zorovavelnë	Zorovavelna
zorrë	casing
zorrët	casing
zorrëtë	intestines
zorrëve	GUT
zorrëvet	intestines
zot	Providence
zota	gods
zotë	Able
zotëna	ladies
zotënavet	the gods
Zotënë	God
zotëni	own
Zotënia	Lordship
zotënie	possession
zotënim	possession
Zotëninë	The Lordship
zotënishte	you were a master
zotënit	the lord
zotënitë	the lords
zotënive	lords
zotënivet	masters
zotëno	own
zotënojënë	own the water
zotënon	owns
zotënuem	owned
zotënuemën	my name
zotënuen	they own
zotër	lords
zotëret	gentlemen
zotëri	sir
zotëria	THE MASTER
zotërie	gentleman
zotëriet	gentlemen
zotërim	possession
zotërime	domain
zotërimet	holdings
zotërimeve	holdings
zotërimi	Mastery
zotërimin	possessing
zotërimit	ownership
zotërin	the gentleman
zotërinë	MASTER
zotërinj	gentlemen
zotërinjet	gentlemen
zotërinjt	gentlemen
zotërinjtë	gentry
zotërinjve	masters
zotëris	sir
zotërisë	THE LORD
zotërishte	gentleman
zotërit	lords
zotëritë	gentlemen
zotërive	lords
zotërivet	gentlemen
zotëro	Own
zotëroi	controlled
zotëroja	possessed
zotërojë	own
Zotërojënë	The Lord
zotërojmë	possess
zotërojnë	owning
zotëron	owns
zotëroni	possession
zotëronin	possession
zotëronjç	sir
zotëronjë	sir
zotëronjënë	my lord
zotëronte	owned
zotërosh	possess
zotëruake	possessive
zotëruan	enjoyed
zotëruanë	owned
zotëruar	master
zotërues	owner
zotëruesi	owner
zotërve	LORDS
zotësi	capacity
zotësinë	capacity
zotësisë	PROFICIENCY
zotët	owners
zotëve	owners
zoti	LORD
zotim	COMMITMENT
zotime	commitments
zotimet	commitment
zotimeve	COMMITMENTS
zotimin	the vow
zotin	Mr.
zotinë	the god
zotit	LORD
zotn	sir
Zotnë	Lord
Zoto	God
zotohesh	observe
zotoheshin	Fealty
zotohetë	vow
zotohuni	Commit
zotonem	I swear
zotova	pledged
zotove	you swore
zotua	pledged
zotuam	pledged
zotuan	pledged
zotuar	COMMITTED
zotue	vow
zotuem	I vowed
zotueme	we promise
zotuemeja	I swear
zotuemeje	pledge
zotuemen	pledge
zotuemenë	pledge
zotuemes	pledge
zotuemesë	pledge
zotuemet	commitments
zotuemetë	promise
zotuemevet	vows
zotuemit	we promise
zotuemitë	vows
zotumitë	commitments
zotunë	lord
zu	take
zuçë	scum
zufça	toothpick
zulmë	honor;
zulmëmadh	glorious
zulmin	glory
zum	buzz
zumë	caught
zun	occupies
zuna	caught
zune	busy
zunë	took
zuni	occupy
zura	took
zure	you are busy
zuri	occupied
Zurit	zur
zurna	zurna
zurnanë	zurna
zurnara	zither
zurnasë	zurna
zurnatë	snoring
zurnavet	the zurnavets
zushë	sister-in-law
zutë	caught
zuzarë	villain
zuzimët	Zuzim
Zuzimvet	The Zuzimvet
zvarranik	reptile
zvarranikë	reptile
zvarranikësh	reptile
zvarranikëve	reptiles
zvarraniku	reptile
zvarrë	dragged
zvarrisin	drag
zvarrit	drag
zvarritë	stall
zvarriten	creep
zvarritën	dragged
zvarriteshin	swarm
zvarritet	drag
zverdhen	blackness
zverdhet	pale
zverkun	neck
zvjerdhur	weaned
zvogëlohem	remit
zvogëluar	MINIMIZE
zvordh	weaned
zvordhi	weaned
zygare	zygare
zyra	office
zyrën	OFFICE
zyrtar	officials
zyrtarë	OFFICIALS
zyrtarët	officials
zyrtarëve	OffICIALS
zyrtarisht	officially
anëtare	MeMBer
autoklavë	autoclave
Data	date
dëmtimi	INJURY
dhënat	RECORDS
duke	KeePiNG
dyfishta	double
e	of
ekspirator	expiratory
ekspiratorit	expiratory
elektrike	ELECTRICITy
elektronike	ELECTRONiC
është	IS
Evropian	EUROPEAN
frymëmarrjes	RESPIRATORY
furnitori	Seller:
fusni	Enter
gjatë	long
i	The
instalimin	installation
jetëgjatësinë	longevity
jetëgjatësisë	Life expectancy
ka	THERE
Kasetën	cassette
kësaj	THIS
këtë	this
këtij	this
kompleteve	sets
kompromentojnë	compromise
krahëve	arm
Kufizimet	RESTRICTIONS
lagështisë	humidity
lagështuesin	the humidifier
lagështuesit	humidifiers
lokal	cafeteria
Manualin	manual
Mbetjet	residues
me	with
Mirëmbajtja	Maintenance
mirëmbajtjen	maintenance
mjekësore	mEDICAL
momenti	TIME
Montimi	INSTALLATION
montimin	MOUNTING
mundshëm	pOTENTIAL
ndërrohet	change
në	IN
ngrohësin	the heater
një	A
paautorizuara	unauthorized
pacientit	PATIENT
pajisjeje	Interface
pajisjeve	equipment
pengojnë	IMPEDES
për	ABOUT
përdoren	uSED
përdorim	USER
përdorimit	FITNESS
përdorur	USING
përfaqësuesin	representative
performancën	performance
përfshira	including
përfshirë	INCLUDING
përfundimit	END
përkufizimet	definitions
përshkrim	description
Përshtatësi	adapter
Përshtatësin	The adapter
plotë	full
Prodhuesi	PRODUCER
produkt	product
produkti	product
produktit	product
projektuar	designed
qarqe	Districts
qarqet	DISTRICTS
qarqeve	County
që	THAT
recetë	recipe
Refer	referee
referojuni	REFER
rëndë	SERIOUS
rutinë	routine
saktë	Correctly
së	OF THE
sensorit	SENSOR
SHBA	US
shënime	endnoteS
shërbimit	service
shkaktimin	causing
Shqip	Albanian
sigurinë	SAFETY
simboleve	symbols
skadencës	expiry
specifikimeve	specification
sq	en
të	THE
teknike	TECHNICAL
tel	wire
temperaturës	temperature
udhëzimet	GUIDELINES
udhëzimeve	instructions
verifikuar	verified
vetëm	only
zhysni	immerse
aa	aa
aAfishon	aAffichion
Ăbalancë	Balance
ABëj	Do it.
about	about
absolute	absolute
ACan	not
accent	accent
access	access
accessibility	accessibility
accessing	accessing
accessories	accessories
accessory	accessory
accidental	accidental
accomidate	accomidate
accomodates	accomodates
accomodating	accomodating
account	account
accounts	accounts
accuracy	accuracy
accurately	accurately
acess	access
acessibility	acessibility
aChange	Change
action	action
activate	activate
activated	activated
Active	Active
ActiveSync	ActiveSync
activex	activex
adapter	adapter
adapters	adapters
adaptor	adaptor
add	add
added	added
adding	adding
additional	additional
addon	addon
address	address
addresses	addresses
adds	adds
Ädiagnozë	Ädiagnosis
adjust	adjust
administer	administer
administrater	administrator
Administration	Administration
administrative	administrative
administratorbOpen	administratorbOpen
administratorFEkzekuto	administratorExecution
administratorzHap	administratorzHap
administratro	administrator
administron	Administer
admins	admins
adres	address
Adresa	Address
adresat	address
adresë	address
adress	address
ads	ads
aduer	come here
advertising	advertising
advertizing	advertizing
adverts	adverts
adware	adware
adwear	adwear
AEncrypted	AEncrypted
aero	aero
aeroplan	PLANE
ÆThe	The
AFiles	AFiles
afishim	afishim
afishimi	afishimi
afishimin	POST
afishimit	display
afisho	Display
afishohen	displayed
afishoj	SHOW
afishon	Displays
afishosh	poster
afishuar	display
afishuara	displayed
afrsi	Nearby
aftësitë	Skill
aftëso	enable
aftësoj	trainee
aftëson	enables
again	again
aggregator	aggregator
Ągjumë	Sleep
agp	agp
agregat	aggregate
ahead	ahead
airplane	airplane
ajust	adjustment
akordim	tuning
akordues	tuner
aksesor	ACCESSORY
aksesore	accessory
Aksesorët	accessories
aksident	accident
aksidentale	INCIDENTAL
aktivë	active
aktiveFKërko	activeFSearch
aktivizo	Enable
aktivizohen	activated
aktivizosh	activate
aktivizuar	activated
aktual	current
aktuale	CURRENT
aktualë	current
aktualisht	currently
ăKy	aKy
Albumit	Albums
alert	alert
AlertFYou	AlertFYou
alerts	alerts
alfabetiso	alphabet
alfabetizo	alphabetize
alias	alias
aliasing	aliasing
all	all
allow	allow
allowed	allowed
allowing	allowing
allows	allows
alphabetise	alphabetise
alphabetize	alphabetize
already	already
also	also
Alt	All
alter	alter
alterno	alternate
altoparlantë	loudspeakers
altoparlantët	speakers
always	always
amd	amd
Àmë	AMë
amount	amount
analisoj	analyses
analiza	analysis
analizoj	analyses
analizon	analyzes
analyse	analyse
analysis	analysis
analyze	analyze
Anasill	Anasill
and	and
angle	angle
anglisht	English
animacione	animations
animation	animation
animations	animations
animimet	animation
Animo	Soul
another	another
answers	answers
anti	anti
antispyware	antispyware
antivirus	antivirus
anulimit	cancellation
anulo	ring
any	any
anytime	anytime
anyway	anyway
àparashiko	paranoia
aparat	apparatus
apcompat	apcompat
ãpërgjum	I'm sleepy.
apl	apl
aplikacion	application
aplikacione	applications
aplikacionet	applications
aplikacioneve	applications
Aplikacioni	APPLICATION
aplikacionin	application
aplikacionit	the application
Aplikimi	application
aplikimit	AppliCATiON
apliko	application
aplikosh	APPLY
aplikuar	APPLY
apls	appls
app	app
appcompat	appcompat
AppData	AppData
appearance	appearance
Apple	Apple
applets	applets
Applicable	Applicable
application	application
applications	applications
apply	apply
applying	applying
apps	apps
aps	aps
archive	archive
archived	archived
Archives	Archives
area	area
Argëtimi	recreation
ario	silver
aritmetike	ARITMETICHAL
arkivim	archiving
arkivimin	archiving
arkivo	archive
arkivuar	archived
arkivuara	archived
arounds	arounds
arp	arp
arrange	arrange
arranging	arranging
Àrregulloj	Rules
arrow	arrow
arrows	arrows
artikuj	ARTICLES
artikujt	ARTICLES
Artistit	artist
ªScan	ªScan
ãSë	Yes
AShfaq	Ashfaq
Áshkrim	Ashkrim
ashmë	CONSULTATIONS
asinkrone	asynchronous
asistentes	assistants
áSkedarët	áFiles
asks	asks
asleep	asleep
asm	asm
assembly	assembly
assemblyIdentity	assemblyIdentity
assistance	assistance
associate	associate
associated	associated
associates	associates
association	association
associations	associations
atribute	attribute
atributet	ATTRIBUTES
attempting	attempting
attributes	attributes
atuo	I act
audible	audible
audio	audio
audion	audio
audios	audios
Authentication	Authentication
auto	auto
autocomplete	autocomplete
autocorrect	autocorrect
autofill	autofill
autofinish	autofinish
autohide	autohide
automated	automated
automatic	automatic
automatically	automatically
automaticupdates	automaticupdates
automatik	automatic
automatike	automatic
automatikisht	automatically
autoplay	autoplay
autorun	autorun
autoshift	autoshift
autoshow	auto show
autostart	autostart
autoupdate	autoupdate
autowake	autowake
auxiliary	auxiliary
available	available
ävende	even
ãverbëri	Blindness
awaken	awaken
ĀWindows	ĀWindows
AWindows	Windows
AYou	AYou
back	back
background	background
backing	backing
backuo	backuo
Backup	Backup
backups	backups
bad	bad
badge	badge
bajt	trouble
balance	balance
balancë	balance
balanced	balanced
balancuar	BALANCE
balloon	balloon
balonë	flask
banned	banned
bars	bars
base	base
Bashkëndaj	Share
Bashkëndaje	Sing along
bashkëndajnë	share
bashkëndan	share
bashkëndara	shared
bashkëndarë	sharing
bashkëndarjen	sharing
bashkëndarjes	sharing
bashkëndarjet	the sharing
bashkëngjitje	attachment
bashkëpronarë	co
bashkues	coupling
Bashkuesi	Unifier
bashkuesin	connector
bashkuesit	Connectors
bateri	battery
baterisë	battery
baterri	battery
batteries	batteries
battery	battery
bazuara	based
bCreates	bCreates
BD	BD
beam	beam
because	because
been	been
beep	beep
beeps	beeps
before	before
begin	begin
behavior	behavior
being	being
Bëje	Set
belong	belong
below	below
BEmrat	Remembered
best	best
besueshmëri	credibility
besueshmërisë	reliability
better	better
between	between
Biblioteka	Library
bibliotekat	LIBRARIES
biblioteke	libraries
bibliotekë	library
bibliotekën	LIBRARY
bibliotekës	library
big	big
bigger	bigger
biometric	biometric
biometrike	biometrics
bios	bios
bip	bip
bisedoj	converse
bit	bit
bitësh	bit
bitëshe	bit
bitlocker	bitlocker
Bitmap	Bitmap
biznes	business
bKërko	bSearch
bkompjuter	withcomputer
Bkontrollon	Bkontrollon
BKopjo	BKopjo
blank	blank
blanks	blanks
blindness	blindness
blinking	blinking
blinkrate	blink rate
bllok	block
bllokim	jam
blloko	block
bllokoj	lock
bllokues	obstructive
bllokuesi	blocker
bllokun	bloc
block	block
blocked	blocked
blocker	blocker
blu	blu
blue	blue
bluescreen	bluescreen
bluetooth	bluetooth
blurred	blurred
blurry	blurry
blutooth	blutooth
bmp	bmp
bNdrysho	bNdrysho
board	board
boot	boot
bord	edge
both	both
box	box
Bqasshmëri	Accessibility
brand	brand
brezgjerë	broadband
briefcase	briefcase
BriefcasetYou	BriefcasetYou
brightness	brightness
BRikthe	BRikthe
bring	bring
british	british
broadband	broadband
broken	broken
brought	brought
browse	browse
browser	browser
browsers	browsers
browsing	browsing
btona	button
bubble	bubble
buffer	buffer
bugfixes	bug fixes
bugs	bugs
build	build
built	built
builtin	builtin
bukurshkrim	penmanship
buletinit	Bulletin
burn	burn
burned	burned
burner	burner
burning	burning
buroni	source
bus	bus
bUse	buse
business	business
busull	compass
but	but
butona	button
butonat	bUTTONS
butoni	Cufflinks
butonin	button
butons	buttons
button	button
buttons	buttons
Bvendndodhje	Location
bWindows	Windows
by	by
byll	boil
bytes	bytes
ć	c
cable	cable
cache	cache
cached	cached
caktimi	ASSIGNMENT
çaktivizo	disable
çaktivizohet	deactivated
çaktivizon	deactivates
çaktivizuar	deactivate
calculate	calculate
Calculating	Calculating
calendar	calendar
calibrate	calibrate
calibration	calibration
calligraphy	calligraphy
calling	calling
calls	calls
camaras	cameras
camera	camera
cameras	cameras
camras	camras
can	can
cancel	cancel
canceled	canceled
Canceling	Canceling
cancelled	cancelled
cannot	cannot
cant	cant
capabilities	capabilities
capital	capital
capitalize	capitalize
caps	caps
capslock	capslock
captions	captions
capture	capture
car	car
card	card
cards	cards
carrier	carrier
cartoons	cartoons
cartridge	cartridge
case	case
çastoSkedarët	instantFiles
cause	cause
ccec	ccec
ccf	ccf
cd	cd
cDisku	CD
CDMA	CDMA
cDosja	cDosja
cds	cds
CEIP	Elementary school
çelësit	Key
cell	cell
cellphone	cellphone
celular	cell phone
center	center
centimetër	centimeter
centimeters	centimeters
centimetre	centimetre
centimetres	centimetres
cents	cents
certificate	certificate
certificates	certificates
certifikata	certificate
certifikatat	CERTIFICATES
certifikatë	certificate
Cgigabajt	Cgigabyte
change	change
changed	changed
changedº	changedº
changes	changes
changing	changing
changjie	Changjie
channel	channel
character	character
characters	characters
charm	charm
charms	charms
Chat	Chat
check	check
checked	checked
checking	checking
child	child
chinese	chinese
chip	chip
chkdsk	chkdsk
chm	chm
choose	choose
chooses	chooses
choosing	choosing
chose	chose
Cilët	Which ones
çinstalim	I am Chinese.
çinstalo	Chinatown
çinstaloj	cinstals
çinstalon	Chinatown
city	city
CKrijon	CKrijon
ċKur	When
Cl	Cl
clarity	clarity
clean	clean
cleandisk	cleandisk
cleaner	cleaner
cleanup	cleanup
clear	clear
cleared	cleared
cleartype	cleartype
click	click
clicking	clicking
clicks	clicks
client	client
Clipboard	Clipboard
clock	clock
cloned	cloned
close	close
Closes	Closes
closing	closing
Clustered	Clustered
cm	cm
cmd	cmd
Çnë	What?
çngjish	untie
code	code
cognitive	cognitive
collaborate	collaborate
Collapse	Collapse
collection	collection
color	color
colorimetric	colorimetric
colors	colors
colour	colour
colours	colours
com	with
Combine	Combine
come	come
command	command
commanding	commanding
commands	commands
Common	Common
communicate	communicate
communication	communication
compact	compact
company	company
compare	compare
comparison	comparison
compass	compass
compatable	compatable
compatibility	compatibility
compatible	compatible
complete	complete
completed	completed
completepc	completepc
completion	completion
components	components
compressed	compressed
compuer	computer
computer	computer
computerNYour	computerNYour
computers	computers
computertYour	computertYour
Computing	Computing
condition	condition
conection	conection
conferencing	conferencing
confg	confg
configuration	configuration
configure	configure
configures	configures
Confirm	Confirm
conflict	conflict
conflictThe	conflictThe
connect	connect
connected	connected
connection	connection
connections	connections
connectivity	connectivity
connects	connects
conserve	conserve
Console	Console
contact	contact
contain	contain
Container	Container
containing	containing
contains	contains
content	content
contents	contents
continue	continue
continues	continues
contrast	contrast
control	control
controlers	controllers
controller	controller
controllers	controllers
controls	controls
contry	country
Conventional	Conventional
convert	convert
cookies	cookies
cooky	cook
copied	copied
copiedNYour	copiedNYour
copies	copies
copy	copy
copying	copying
corner	corner
corners	corners
Corporate	Corporate
CorporationGOfron	CorporationGOfron
correct	correct
corrective	corrective
corrects	corrects
corrupted	corrupted
cortana	cortana
cost	cost
could	could
couldn	couldn
countries	countries
country	country
Courier	Courier
cover	cover
Coverpages	Coverpages
cpc	cpc
cpu	cpu
crash	crash
crashes	crashes
crashing	crashing
crawl	crawl
create	create
created	created
Creates	Creates
creating	creating
Creation	Creation
credentials	credentials
Critical	Critical
crt	crt
cryptology	cryptology
csrss	csrss
CThe	CThe
cThere	cThere
Ćtipografi	Typographers
Ctrl	Ctrl
currency	currency
current	current
currently	currently
cursor	cursor
cursors	cursors
Custom	Custom
customisation	customisation
customises	customises
customization	customization
customize	customize
customized	customized
customizes	customize
customizing	customizing
cut	cut
CWindows	CWindows
CYou	You
ƈkontrolloj	ƈcontrols
dabsolute	dabsolute
dado	given
damage	damage
damaged	damaged
damen	dame
data	data
database	database
datat	DATES
date	date
dater	date
datës	DATE
dates	dates
dating	dating
datum	datum
day	day
daylight	daylight
daylite	daylite
days	days
Đbaterri	Bateri
Dcant	Dcant
ðcentimetër	ðcentimeter
dd	dd
DDisa	DDisa
deactivates	deactivates
deaf	deaf
deafness	deafness
Debugger	Debugger
decide	decide
decrease	decrease
decrypt	decrypt
Decrypting	Decrypting
deep	deep
default	default
defaults	defaults
defender	defender
define	define
definition	definition
defrag	defrag
defragment	defragment
defragmentation	defragmentation
Defragmenter	Defragmenter
Defragmento	Defragmento
defragmentoj	defragments
Defragments	Defragments
defualt	defualt
degrade	degrade
deinstall	uninstall
dekripto	decrypto
dekstops	desktops
delay	delay
delete	delete
deleted	deleted
deleting	deleting
denied	denied
DeniedKYou	DeniedKYou
DENY	DENY
dependency	dependency
dependentAssembly	dependentAssembly
depth	depth
dërgimit	SEND
description	description
dështoi	failed
designed	designed
desired	desired
desktop	desktop
desktopë	desktop
desktopi	desktop
desktopin	desktopin
desktopit	desktop
desktops	desktops
destination	destination
details	details
detaje	details
detajet	the details
detajeve	THE DETAILS
detecting	detecting
detection	detection
determined	determined
detyrash	TASK
detyraveBParaqit	tasksBParaqit
dev	dev
device	device
devicemanager	devicemanager
devices	devices
devise	devise
df	df
ďfillon	ďfillon
Dgjerësi	Width
dhcp	dhcp
diafilm	diafilm
Diafilmat	Slide film
Diafilmi	Filmstrip
diagnose	diagnose
diagnosis	diagnosis
diagnostic	diagnostic
diagnostics	diagnostics
diagnostifikimi	Diagnosing
diagnostikim	Troubleshooting
Diagnostiko	Diagnostics
diagnoza	diagnosis
diagnozë	diagnosis
Dialer	Dialer
dialing	dialing
dialling	dialling
dialog	dialog
dialogë	dialogues
dialogs	dialogs
dialogut	dIALOGUE
dialup	dialup
diapazon	range
dib	back
dictate	dictate
dictation	dictation
didn	didn
differences	differences
different	different
difficult	difficult
difficulty	difficulty
digial	digital
digit	digit
digital	digital
digjital	digital
digjitale	digital
diktim	I sewed
dikton	dictates
dimer	dimer
diming	dimming
dimmer	dimmer
dimming	dimming
dir	you
direct	direct
directaccessVmobile	directaccessVmobile
directory	directory
direktorinë	directory
direktorium	directorate
disabilities	disabilities
disability	disability
disable	disable
disabled	disabled
Disabling	Disabling
disallow	disallow
disallowed	disallowed
disappear	disappear
disc	disc
discovery	discovery
discovrey	discovrey
discs	discs
disk	disk
diskbWindows	diskbWindows
disketa	floppy disk
disketës	floppy
diskpThe	diskpThe
disks	disks
disku	disk
disku`Nuk	disk `No
diskugGjetëm	discugFound
diskun	disk
diskunFThe	diskunFThe
diskut	discus
diskutMNjësia	discussionMunity
diskuvPo	diskuvPo
display	display
displayed	displayed
displayport	displayport
displays	displays
Disponueshmëria	Availability
dispozicionaSigurohu	availabilityMake sure
dispozicioncSigurohu	availabilitycMake sure
dispozicionWSigurohu	availabilityWMake sure
disqet	Discs
disqeve	discs
distributed	distributed
ditarët	journals
ditësim	daydreaming
ditësime	daily routine
ditësues	updater
divices	divices
divicse	virgin
divises	currencies
DKryej	DKryej
ÐKy	DKy
dll	dll
DLNA	DLNA
dma	dma
Dmuzikal	Musical
DNdrysho	DNdrysho
dns	dns
dock	dock
document	document
documents	documents
does	does
doesn	doesn
dok	while
dollarë	dollars
dollars	dollars
domain	domain
domen	the verdict
domeni	domain
domenit	domain
domian	domian
dorezë	glove
dos	of the
dosja	PORTFOLIO
dosje	DOSSIER
dosjeJDo	fileJDo
dosjeje	file
dosjeLDo	residence
dosjen	DOSSIER
dosjeODo	file
dosjerSinkronizo	fileSynchronize
dosjes	dossier
dosjesaA	folderA
dosjet	folders
dosjeve	files
dots	dots
double	double
doubleclick	doubleclick
down	down
download	download
DownloadÐThe	DownloadÐThe
downloaded	downloaded
downloading	downloading
downloads	downloads
dparametra	dparameter
dpi	dpi
DPMI	DPMI
Ďpunë	Work
drag	drag
DRAGDROP	DRAGDROP
drejtëshkruar	spelled
drejtkëndëshin	rectangles
drejtshkrim	spelling
drejtshkrimin	spelling
Drejtvend	Right place
dridhës	vibratory
dridhjes	shake
driitë	lights
dritar	window
dritareje	windowsill
dritareve	window
drive	drive
drivebWindows	drivebWindows
DriveFormatimi	DriveFormatimi
drivefWindows	drivefWindows
drivenWindows	drivenWindows
drivepThere	drivepThere
driver	driver
drivers	drivers
drives	drives
drivevWindows	drivevWindows
driveWWindows	driveWWindows
drop	drop
dsk	dsk
dskn	dskn
dsl	dsl
Dspaces	Dspaces
dst	dst
dThis	dThis
Dukja	appearance
DukjaNdrysho	DukjaNdrysho
duplicate	duplicate
during	during
dvd	dvd
dvi	two
DWindows	DWindows
dwonload	download
dx	dx
DYou	DYou
Dyqanin	shop
ea	of
each	each
ėanglisht	English
ëanulo	çanul
earlier	earlier
ease	ease
easier	easier
easy	easy
ecxeption	ecxeption
edge	edge
edicion	edition
edit	edit
edited	edited
edition	edition
editor	editor
edits	edits
EDo	OR
efekte	effects
efektet	EFFECTS
effect	effect
effects	effects
efficiently	efficiently
efikasitet	efficiency
either	either
Eject	Eject
ekraaane	screens
ekram	ekram
ekran	screen
ekrane	on the screen
ekranet	screens
ekrani	screen
ekranin	display
ekranit	display
ekreani	screen
ekrna	screen
ekrni	ekrni
ekrran	screen
ekrranit	screens
ekspert	expert
Eksploruesi	Explorer
Eksploruesin	explorer
eksploruesit	explorers
eksspert	expert
Ekstrakto	Extract
ekzekutim	execution
ekzekuto	execution
ekzekutohen	executed
ekzekutojnë	execute
ekzekuton	execution
ekzekutuar	RUNNING
ekzistues	existing
ELargon	ELargon
elevations	elevations
email	email
Emailet	EMAIL
emaili	email
EmaililDërgo	EmailSend
emailin	email
emailit	email
embed	embed
emërtim	NAMING
emërtimin	naming
emërtuar	labeled
empaired	empaired
empty	empty
EMS	EMS
emulacion	emulation
emulation	emulation
enable	enable
enables	enables
encode	encode
encoding	encoding
Encrypt	Encrypt
encrypted	encrypted
Encrypting	Encrypting
encryption	encryption
end	end
endos	endos
energjinë	the energy
energjisë	POWER
energy	energy
eNetwork	eNetwork
engine	engine
english	english
enhance	enhance
enhanced	enhanced
enkodim	Encodim
enkriptim	encryption
enkriptimit	encryption
enkripto	encryption
enkriptuar	encrypted
enlarge	enlarge
enough	enough
enter	enter
entire	entire
enuk	enuk
environment	environment
envvar	envvar
ePërshtat	eAdapt
erase	erase
erased	erased
Eregjistroj	Register
error	error
ErrorBAn	ErrorBAn
errors	errors
ErrorSA	ErrorSA
erShellEHap	erShellEHap
ës	eS
Eshfletues	Browser
ethernet	ethernet
Etiketa	Label
etiketat	labels
etiketë	label
etiketosh	etiketosh
etiketuar	labeled
eudcedit	he/she/it leaves
ËUDF	ËUDF
euro	euro
euros	euros
EventID	EventID
events	events
eventviewer	eventviewer
EWindows	Windows
example	example
exceeded	exceeded
exception	exception
Exchange	Exchange
exclude	exclude
exe	exe
Execute	Execute
exeption	exeption
exist	exist
existing	existing
exists	exists
exit	exit
Expand	Expand
Expanded	Expanded
expected	expected
expires	expires
explorer	explorer
Export	Export
extended	extended
extension	extension
extensions	extensions
extentions	extentions
external	external
Extra	Extra
Extract	Extract
eye	eye
eyesight	eyesight
fabrikë	factory
factory	factory
fade	fade
fading	fading
failed	failed
familjescNdrysho	familyscNdrysho
FAQ	FAQ
fast	fast
faster	faster
faunt	faunt
Favorite	Favorite
Favorites	Favorites
Faxes	Faxes
faze	faze
fazë	phase
fdisc	fdisc
fdisk	fdisk
fDuhet	It is necessary
feature	feature
features	features
feed	feed
feedback	feedback
feet	feet
feild	field
few	few
ff	ff
Fi	Be
field	field
filcks	filcks
file	file
fileCYou	fileCYou
fileDYou	fileDYou
files	files
FilesďImazhi	FilesďImazhi
filetype	file type
fillestaret	girlstaret
filma	movie
filmat	filmed
Filmi	Movie
filmin	the movie
filter	filter
filtër	filter
filtering	filtering
filterkeys	filterkeys
filtrat	filtrate
filtrave	filters
filtrim	MACHINES
filtrit	filter
finalë	final
finalized	finalized
find	find
finder	finds
finding	finding
Finds	Finds
finger	finger
finish	finish
fire	fire
firefox	firefox
firewall	firewall
firewalled	firewalled
firmuerin	firmware
firmware	firmware
first	first
firwall	firewall
fit	fit
fix	fix
fixed	fixed
fixes	fixes
fixing	fixing
fjalëkalik	verbose
fjalëkalim	password
fjalëkalime	passwords
fjalëkalimet	passwords
fjalëkalimin	password
fjalëkalimit	password
fjalëklaim	slogan
Fjalët	Words
fjali	SENTENCE
fjalkalim	I am fine
fjalkalm	fjalkalm
fkliko	funny
FKryen	FKryen
flash	flash
flashing	flashing
flat	flat
fldr	fldr
flicks	flicks
flight	flight
flik	Tab
flip	flip
Fme	Fme
fNuk	fuck
folder	folder
FolderbTë	FolderbT
FolderBThis	FolderBThis
folders	folders
folës	SPEAKERS
folësit	speakers
folje	VERBS
follow	follow
following	following
fonetik	phonetics
font	font
fonte	source
fontet	fontet
fonteve	fonteve
fontit	font
fonts	fonts
foot	foot
for	for
foreign	foreign
forget	forget
forgotten	forgotten
formated	formated
formatet	the format
formatim	formated
formatimi	: Format
formatimin	Braces
formatin	FORMAT
formating	formatting
formato	format
formatohet	formatted
formatoj	formats
formatojë	format
Formaton	Format
formatosh	formatosh
formatted	formatted
formattim	formattim
formatting	formatting
formattuar	to format
formatuar	formatted
formimit	TRAINING
foto	Photo
fotografi	photograph
fotografitë	Photos
found	found
fount	fount
four	four
fpx	fpx
fragmenteve	fragments
frak	crumbs
free	free
Freecell	Freecell
freezes	freezes
freezing	freezing
frekuencë	frequent
french	french
frengjisht	French
frequency	frequency
frequently	frequently
freskimit	refresh
freskoj	frescoes
Freskon	refreshes
frewall	frewall
FRivendos	Freelives
from	from
frozen	frozen
fshehjen	concealing
fshehuraCShfaq	hiddenCShow
Fshi	Deleted
Fshirja	Deleting
fshirje	ERASE
fshirjes	deleting
ftesa	invitation
ftesat	INVITATION
FThe	FThe
fThere	fThere
ftoj	call
FTP	FTP
full	full
fullstop	full stop
fully	fully
function	function
funditBShiko	lastBView
funksionalitetin	functionality
funksione	functions
funksionimi	functioning
funksionimit	OPERATION
funksionojë	function
funksionojnë	function
funksionon	THE
furnizues	SUPPLIER
Furnizuesi	Supplier
furnizuesin	the supplier
fuzzy	fuzzy
FYour	FYour
g	g
gabime	error
gabimeve	error
Gabimi	mistake
gadgets	gadgets
galileo	galileo
gama	complete
game	game
games	games
gamma	gamma
gamut	gamut
gatishmërisë	READINESS
gb	gb
general	general
Generic	Generic
geo	geo
geografic	geographical
geografik	geographical
geographic	geographic
german	german
gërmëzo	spell
gestures	gestures
get	get
gets	gets
getting	getting
ggjetës	finder
gif	gif
gigabajt	gigabyte
gigabytes	gigabytes
gigs	gigs
gjatsi	length
Gjenero	Genero
gjeo	gEO
gjeografi	geography
gjeografik	geographical
gjermanisht	German
gjersi	width
gjetës	finder
gjetiNuk	gjetiNuk
gjetje	FINDINGS
gjithaCKjo	allCKno
gjurmues	tracer
gkënd	city
global	global
globale	global
globalë	global
glonass	glonass
Ǧndryshoj	Ǧndryshoj
gnss	gnss
goitje	goat
gone	gone
gps	gps
Grace	Grace
gradë	rank
grafikë	graphics
graphics	graphics
graphs	graphs
greater	greater
ground	ground
group	group
grouping	grouping
groups	groups
grupim	grouping
grupimin	group
grupit	Group
Grupo	Group
gScan	gScan
gsjell	gsjell
GSM	GSM
gSome	gSome
guard	guard
gUse	gUse
Gzhvendos	Gzhvendos
Hafishon	Half-hearted
half	half
hand	hand
handed	handed
hander	hander
handheld	handheld
handle	handle
handrighting	handrighting
handset	handset
handsets	handsets
handwriting	handwriting
hang	hang
hanging	hanging
hangul	Hangul
hapenVParametrat	hapenVParametrat
happen	happen
hard	hard
harddisk	hard drive
harddrive	harddrive
harduear	hardware
harduer	hardware
harduerë	Notebook
Hardueri	The hardware
harduerin	the hardware
HardueriShto	HardueriShto
hardware	hardware
hardwear	hardwear
harm	harm
harmful	harmful
hartë	MAP
has	has
have	have
hbesueshmëri	reliability
HD	HD
Hdërrasë	Board
hdmi	hdmi
hdw	hdw
headphone	headphone
headset	headset
headsets	headsets
healthy	healthy
hear	hear
hearing	hearing
hej	Hello
Hekran	Hackers
help	help
helps	helps
heqje	DISCLAIMER
heqjen	Cancellations
hey	hey
HFailed	HFailed
hFix	hFix
hgjetur	it is found
hh	hh
hibernate	hibernate
hibernates	hibernates
hibernating	hibernating
hibernation	hibernation
hidden	hidden
hide	hide
high	high
highest	highest
hindi	no
HiqEZhvendos	Remove/Replace
HiqOZhvendos	RemoveOReplace
hiqrKjo	removeThis
histori	HistoRy
history	history
Hlocker	Hlocker
Hlog	Listen
HNjë	HNone
hold	hold
home	home
homegroup	homegroup
homegroupBefore	homegroupBefore
homepage	homepage
Host	Host
hosts	hosts
hour	hour
hours	hours
how	how
howmuch	howmuch
hPërdor	hUse
hr	hr
href	href
hs	hs
htm	htm
HTML	HTML
hto	hto
hub	hub
hung	hung
hvendos	hvendos
HyperTerminal	HyperTerminal
hyrëse	Entry
IChanges	Changes
icl	icl
ico	ico
icon	icon
icons	icons
id	id
Identifier	Identifier
Identifiko	Log in
identifikon	IDENTIFIES
idlive	idlive
Iduke	Duke
ie	ie
if	if
ifc	ifc
ìfshih	ìfshih
ihma	five
ìikona	icon
Iinternet	Internet
ĳaktivizuar	activated
ikona	icon
ikonave	icon
ikonës	icon
image	image
images	images
Imaging	Imaging
imazh	image
imazhe	imaging
imazhet	images
Imazhi	image
imazhin	image
IMEI	IMEI
imes	imes
impaired	impaired
imparied	imparied
import	import
imported	imported
importoj	imports
improve	improve
improvement	improvement
IMSI	IMSI
inactive	inactive
inç	inch
inch	inch
inches	inches
include	include
included	included
including	including
incompatible	incompatible
incomplete	incomplete
incramental	incramental
increase	increase
incremental	incremental
indeks	index
indeksim	My index
indeksimin	indexing
indeksohet	indexed
indeksuar	indexed
indeksuara	indexed
INdërfut	Insert
index	index
indexing	indexing
individualë	individual
indkso	index
inet	inet
INF	INF
INF Properties	INF Properties
infection	infection
infeksion	infectious
Info	Info
InfoBarRSome	InfoBarRSome
informacione	InformatIon
informacionet	Information
informacioni	information
informacionin	INFORMATION
informacionit	INFoRmATIoN
informatien	information
information	information
infra	infra
infrared	infrared
Injoro	Night
ink	ink
input	input
ins	ins
insert	insert
instalim	installation
instalimit	installation
install	install
installation	installation
installed	installed
installing	installing
installs	installs
instalo	installation
instalohet	INSTALLING
instaloj	install
instalon	installs
instaluar	install
instaluara	installed
instalues	INSTALLATION
instalueshëm	installable
Instead	Instead
instructions	instructions
instrument	instrument
intel	intel
inteligjent	intelligent
interactively	interactively
interface	interface
internal	internal
international	international
internet	internet
interneti³Kontrollo	internet³Check
internetin	internet
internetit	iNTERNET
internetsharing	internetsharing
into	into
intranet	intranet
intrnet	intrnet
intsall	the rest
invalid	invalid
invisible	invisible
invitations	invitations
invite	invite
inviting	inviting
invoke	invoke
IPv	IPv
IrDA	IrDA
īrekl	rent
Įruajtës	Guardian
is	is
iscsi	iscsi
ISDN	ISDN
ISi	Yes
ISkedari	Schedules
isn	isn
item	item
items	items
iThere	iThere
its	its
iup	iup
Iwindows	Window
jack	jack
japanese	japanese
japoneze	Japanese
japonisht	Japanese
jçinstalo	jçinstalo
JDisplays	JDisplays
jeuan	young
jfif	light
JNo	JNo
joaktiv	INACTIVE
joaktive	Off
join	join
joystick	joystick
jpe	jpe
jpeg	jpeg
jpg	jpg
jpg^Images	jpg^Images
julët	July
just	just
ĵzvarritje	drag
Ɉrregulloj	Rules
kabllëll	cable
kabllo	CABLES
kalendar	calendar
kalibrim	calibration
kalibro	caliber
kaligrafi	calligraphy
kamaras	camera
kamera	camera
kamerë	camera
kamra	room
kanji	kanji
kapakut	COVER
kapërce	SKIP
kapital	capital
kapitale	CAPITAL
kapitalizo	capitalize
karaktere	to character
karakteret	The characters
karaktereve	characters
kartat	maps
kartës	card
kasetë	cassette
Katalogu	Catalog
kategorisë	category
kb	kb
kbit	kbit
KDo	Who
keep	keep
keeping	keeping
Këmben	exchanges
kënde	angle
këndi	CORNER
keqdashës	malicious
kërcyes	jumper
kërcyese	popup
kërcyeset	jumpers
KërkimetEItems	SearchItems
kërkimitŅçaktivizo	searchDisable
key	key
keyboard	keyboard
keyboards	keyboards
keyborads	keyborads
keybord	keybord
keys	keys
kihet	bear
kilobajt	kilobyte
kilometar	kilometer
kilometers	kilometers
kilometres	kilometres
kilos	kilos
kim	kim
kineze	CHINESE
kKontrollimi	kControl me
KKy	KKy
klasifikim	ClaSSIFICaTION
Klasifikimi	Distribution
klient	Client
klientit	client
klikim	clicks
klikime	clicks
klikimit	click
kliko	click
klikuar	CLICKING
klonuar	cloned
KNdrysho	KNdrysho
know	know
known	known
ko	that
kod	code
kohore	LIMITS
koleksionit	centerpiece
komanda	team
komandat	commands
komandave	commands
komandës	command
komandëscHap	command
komandim	command
kombinimet	combinations
kombinuara	combined
Komente	reviews
kompani	company
kompanie	company
kompanisë	COMPANYLS
kompjuter	computer
kompjuterë	computer
kompjuterët	computers
kompjuterëve	COMPUTER
kompjuterëveÕMund	computersÕCan
kompjuteri	computer
kompjuterin	computer
kompjuterit	COMPUTER
komponentë	components
kompozimin	composing
kompuer	computers
komunikim	communication
Komunikimet	communication
konfg	konfg
konfiguracion	configuration
konfigurimit	configuration
konfiguro	configuration
konfiguron	configuration
konfiguruar	configuring
konfirmimet	confirmations
konfirmimin	confirmation
Konfirmo	Confirmation
konflikte	conflicts
konfliktet	conflicts
konfliktin	the conflict
Kontakt	Contact
Kontaktet	Contact
kontakto	contact
kontekstit	context
kontrast	contrast
kontrastin	contrast
kontrolle	control
kontrollet	controls
Kontrolli	Check
Kontrollimi	Controlling
kontrollimin	checking
kontrollin	control
kontrollit	audit
kontrollo	CHECK
Kontrolloje	control
kontrollues	CHECK
kontrolluesit	CONTROLLER
Kop	Head
kopjen	cups
Kopjimi	COPIED
kopjimin	copying
kopjimit	COPY
kopjo	total
kopjoje	copy
kopjon	copies
kopjoONuk	copyONuk
kopjosh	Cheating
kopjuar	DUPLICATE
korean	korean
korrigjoj	correct
korrigjosh	correct
korrigjues	corrector
kosto	cost
Krahaso	COMPARE
kredenciale	credentials
kredencialet	credentials
krijonte	create
krijosh	CREATING
krijues	creator
kriterin	CRITERIA
kritike	criticism
kritikgMenyja	critic_daughter_in_law
krrt	CRT
kryesuese	CHAIRPERSON
Ktë	TEC
KThis	KThis
kufizimeve	RESTRICTIONS
kufizo	Restrict
kufje	headset
kuki	why
kukit	kukit
kukive	cockroach
kundërgjurmues	counter-trace
kursor	cursor
KursoriÉNuk	KursoriÉNuk
kursorit	cursor
kutinë	box
kutitë	the boxes
label	label
labels	labels
laditude	you are welcome
LAfishon	Fishon
lanch	lunch
landscape	landscape
langpack	langpack
langs	along
language	language
languages	languages
laptop	laptop
large	large
larger	larger
largim	DISMISSAL
largues	largues
largueshëm	removable
largueshme	removable
laser	laser
Lassociate	The associate
last	last
later	later
latest	latest
latitude	latitude
launch	launch
launches	launches
layout	layout
lazer	leisure
lbs	lbs
Lbuiltin	Lbuiltin
lcd	lcd
learn	learn
learning	learning
left	left
lefty	lefty
legacy	legacy
legally	legally
legibility	legibility
legible	legible
lejet	rented
lëkundje	shaking
lëmueshëm	smooth
lenovo	Lenovo
lëshimin	PETITION
lëshuara	released
less	less
lessons	lessons
let	let
letërmuri	wallpaper
letter	letter
letters	letters
level	level
lëvizjeve	motion
lëvizshëm	mobile
lëvizshmërisë	mobility
lexim	READING
leximesh	readings
leximeve	readings
leximi	reading
lexo	read
lexues	reader
lexueshëm	readable
lexueshmëri	readability
lexuesin	reader
librari	bookstore
libraries	libraries
library	library
Licenca	License
licencuar	licensed
licensing	licensing
lid	lid
lidhshmëri	connection
Lidhu	CONNECT
life	life
light	light
lighting	lighting
ligjërim	chirp
ligjërimit	discourse
ligjërisht	legally
like	like
limit	limit
limited	limited
line	line
lines	lines
linja	line
linje	line
linjë	line
linjëJLidhu	lineJConnect
linjëøKontrollo	line control
linjePShkëput	linePDisconnect
linjëþKontrollo	lineþCheck
link	link
links	links
Liro	Lyre
listë	list
listen	listen
listës	lIST
lite	a little
live	live
liveidreceptor	liveidreceptor
ll	ll
llogaria	ACCOUNT
llogaritëse	numerator
Llogaritja	calculation
lnk	lnk
lnkb	lnkb
loads	loads
local	local
locale	local
localisation	localisation
localised	localised
locality	locality
localization	localization
localized	localized
locate	locate
locating	locating
location	location
locations	locations
lock	lock
locked	locked
locker	locker
logari	Logar
login	login
logo	logo
logoff	logoff
logon	logon
logos	logos
logout	logout
logs	logs
lojëra	games
Lojërat	Games
lojës	PLAYING
lojtar	player
lokal	local
lokale	local
lokalë	local
lokalisuar	localized
lokalitet	locality
lokalizim	localization
lokalizuar	localized
long	long
Long¹Emri	Long¹Emri
LongÅThe	LongÅThe
longer	longer
longetude	lung study
longitude	longitude
look	look
looks	looks
lose	lose
loss	loss
lost	lost
louder	louder
low	low
lower	lower
lowest	lowest
lPo	lPo
ls	ls
lTashmë	lNow
LTE	LTE
lu	the
LUA	TWO
Lucida	Lucida
luhatjen	fluctuation
lvizje	motion
lX	lX
lYour	lYour
mabroj	mabros
machine	machine
Macintosh	Macintosh
made	made
MAfishon	MAfishon
magazinë	STOCK
magazinim	STORAGE
magazinimit	STORAGE
Magazino	Magazine
magazinuara	stored
Magneto	Magneto
magnification	magnification
magnified	magnified
magnifying	magnifying
mail	mail
maintain	maintain
maintenance	maintenance
make	make
maker	maker
Makes	Makes
makinë	CAR
maksimizoj	maximizations
maksimizuar	MAXIMIZING
malware	malware
managar	managar
manage	manage
managed	managed
management	management
manager	manager
manages	manages
managing	managing
managment	managment
manaxher	manager
mandës	Mandes
maneger	manager
manifestVersion	manifestVersion
manner	manner
manovruesin	joystick
manufacturer	manufacturer
many	many
mapping	mapping
mark	mark
marrje	MAKING
Mass	Mass
Mastered	Mastered
maximize	maximize
maximum	maximum
may	may
mbb	mbb
Mbërthen	It sticks.
mbërthim	grip
mbikohë	overtime
mbrohen	PROTECT
mbrojtësin	PROTECTOR
measurements	measurements
meazhe	meazhe
media	media
median	median
medias	socks
mediasharing	mediasharing
mediasMQasu	mediasMQasu
mediasOSkano	mediasOSkano
mediastreaming	mediastreaming
mediat	MEDIA
meet	meet
megabajt	megabytes
megabytes	megabytes
megs	megs
memorie	memory
memorieje	in memory
memorien	memory
memories	memories
memory	memory
menaxher	manager
menaxheri	The manager
Menaxherin	The manager
menaxhim	management
menaxhimi	MANAGEMENT
menaxhimit	management
menaxho	manage
menaxhon	MANAGES
MenaxhoVMenaxho	ManageVMage
menu	menu
menus	menus
meny	menu
menyja	MENU
menynë	the menu
menysë	menu
menytë	menus
menyve	menus
mëparshm	previous
mëparshmeBAfisho	previousBAview
merge	merge
mesages	mesages
mesatare	average
mesazhe	posts
mesazhet	message
messages	messages
Messenger	Messenger
metadata	metadata
metar	meter
meter	meter
metered	metered
meters	meters
methods	methods
metoda	method
metodat	HABITS
metres	metres
mëvonshëm	later
MFailed	MFailed
MFU	MFU
mgr	mgr
mice	mice
microphone	microphone
microphones	microphones
microsoft	microsoft
mics	mics
midi	midi
might	might
migrate	migrate
mike	mike
mikes	mikes
mikrofon	microphone
mikser	mixer
miles	miles
Mim	Me
mine	mine
Minesweeper	Minesweeper
miniatura	miniature
miniaturat	miniature
miniaturë	miniature
miniaturës	miniature
minimize	minimize
minimizoj	underplay
Minimizuar	minimize
Minternet	My Internet
minuta	minute
minute	minute
minutë	MINUTE
minutes	minutes
mirëmbaj	Sustain
mirëmbajtje	maintenance
mirëmbajtjes	maintenance
mirror	mirror
mirrored	mirrored
mismatch	mismatch
mispelled	mispelled
mispelt	medlar
missing	missing
misspelled	misspelled
misspelt	misspelled
mistakes	mistakes
miut	mouse
mix	mix
mixed	mixed
mixer	mixer
mixture	mixture
mjedis	ENVIRONMENTAL
mjedisit	environment
mjegullim	haze
mjegullt	hazy
mjegulluar	blurred
mk	mk
MKjo	MKjo
Mkontrollues	Mkontrollues
MMakes	MMakes
mmddyyyy	mmddyyyyy
MMM	MMM
MO	FOR
mobile	mobile
mobility	mobility
mode	mode
modem	modem
modemi	modem
modified	modified
modifikimit	modification
modifiko	modification
modifikuar	modified
modify	modify
Module	Module
Moduli	Moduli
mon	My
mOne	mOne
money	money
monitor	monitor
monitore	monitor
monitorë	monitors
monitorim	monitoring
monitorit	mONITOR
monitoro	monitor
monitoroj	monitors
monitors	monitors
monitoruese	MONITORING
mono	mono
month	month
Monto	Amount
montohej	mounting
Monton	Mountain
montuar	mounted
most	most
motherboard	motherboard
motion	motion
motor	motor
mount	mount
mounted	mounted
mounting	mounting
mouse	mouse
mousekeys	mousekeys
mouses	mice
mousewheel	mousewheel
move	move
moved	moved
movement	movement
movemnet	move subject
movie	movie
movies	movies
moving	moving
movment	movement
mp	mp
mpeg	mpeg
MPër	m per
MPG	MPG
MS	MS
mshelp	mshelp
mShfleto	mShfleto
msime	stream
MSITStore	MSITStore
MSN	MSN
mspy	mspy
MThis	MThis
much	much
multi	multi
multichannel	multichannel
multilanguage	multilanguage
multimedia	multimedia
multimon	multimon
multiple	multiple
music	music
musical	musical
must	must
mute	mute
mutliple	Multiple
muzika	music
muzikal	musical
mvetëfshih	hide yourself
my	my
MYou	MYou
name	name
named	named
names	names
nanny	nanny
narrator	narrator
Narratori	Storytellers
narratoriDInjoro	narratoriDInjoro
Narratorit	the narrator
Narrow	Narrow
NAS	IN THE
navigation	navigation
navigim	Browsing
navigimi	nAVIGATION
navigimit	navigation
Navigo	Navigo
Ncertifikata	Certified
nChange	Change
ndalesë	stop
ndalësit	the stoppers
ndalimin	BAN
ndalo	stop
ndaloj	disallow
ndalosh	stop
ndalues	ATTACHMENT
Ndarësi	separator
ndërfaqe	interface
ndërfut	Inserts
ndërfutësh	Insert
ndërfutur	intervene
ndërkombëtare	INTERNATIONAL LAW
ndërlikuar	COMPLICATED
ndërmarrjes	cOMPANY
ndërprera	discontinued
ndërprerë	discontinued
ndërpritej	interrupted
Ndërruesi	switcher
ndihmëse	ACCESSORIES
nDo	nDo
ndryshimeFPara	changesFMoney
ndryshimeIRuaj	changesSave
ndryshimet	changes
ndrysho	edit
ndryshoret	variables
ndryshosh	change
ndryshuara	Adjusted
ne	is
near	near
nearfield	nearfield
need	need
needed	needed
needs	needs
nëekran	onscreen
nëndosje	subfolders
nëndosjet	subfolders
Nënmeny	Names
nënmenytë	submenus
nënshkrime	signatures
net	net
netowrk	netowrk
netwerk	network
network	network
networkdiscovery	networkdiscovery
networking	networking
networks	networks
networksKpair	networksKpair
new	new
newer	newer
newsgroup	newsgroup
next	next
NFC	NFC
nfp	nfp
nga	that
ngarkime	uploads
ngarkohej	charged
NgjitDNgjit	Stick to the DNA
ngjyrën	color
ngrira	frozen
ngrirë	frozen
ngrirje	FREEZE
ngritës	lever
ngritësCSort	liftCSort
ngul	ngul
nhjoje	joje
nic	nothing
nis	nis
nisës	Nice
nisje	niche
nisjen	the niche
nivel	level
njëfishtë	Single channel
njësi	uniT
njësia	Unit
njësie	ENTITY
njësinë	Section B Unit
njësisë	uNIT
njësitë	units The
njësive	uNITS
njësiveIPërdor	unitsIUse
njyrë	color
NKompjuterët	Computers
no	no
nohje	trick
noise	noise
noises	noises
non	non
none	none
normale	normal
not	not
notebook	notebook
Notepad	Notepad
notification	notification
notifications	notifications
notified	notified
notifying	notifying
now	now
NShfaq	NShfaq
NTë	NTE
ntfs	ntfs
NThe	NThe
NThese	NThese
ntvdm	ntvdm
num	in a
number	number
numbers	numbers
numrave	Assign Numbers
nWindows	nWindows
Nxirr	Eject
Nxjerr	excrete
nxjerrjes	WITHDRAWAL
NYou	NYou
NYour	NYour
Ŋkorrigjo	Correct
ŋkredenciale	Credentials
O	THE
ôA	ôA
oAccess	oAccess
ºaktivizo	deactivate
Ȍautomatikisht	Ȍautomatically
Objektivi	objective
objektivin	objective
occurred	occurred
occurs	occurs
odbc	odbc
odhjen	rest
ODo	Mortar
Œrikuperim	Recursion
of	of
off	off
Office	Office
offline	offline
ºFiles	ºFiles
ofline	ofline
ofroji	ofroji
often	often
ÕIf	Oif
Ókapital	Old capital
old	old
older	older
on	on
one	one
ÖNjësia	Unity
online	online
onlinebOne	onlinebOne
only	only
ons	we
onscreen	onscreen
open	open
opened	opened
opening	opening
opens	opens
opentype	opentype
operacion	operation
Operacioni	operation
operacionin	operation
operating	operating
operation	operation
operativ	operative
operator	operator
operimi	OPERATION
opsione	options
opsionet	options
opt	opt
optical	optical
optik	optics
optimal	optimal
optimale	optimal
optimise	optimise
optimize	optimize
optimizo	optimistic
OptimizoHOptimizo	OptimizeOptimize
optimizoj	optimizations
optimizuar	optimized
optin	opt
option	option
options	options
optout	optout
or	or
Ora	No
order	order
ordering	ordering
orentim	eastward
organizatat	ORGANIZATIONS
organize	organize
organizimi	OrGaniZatiOn
organizing	organizing
Organizo	Organization
organizoj	organizations
orieantim	orieantim
orientatian	orientatian
orientatien	orientations
orientation	orientation
orientim	ORIENTATION
orientimin	GUIDED
original	original
os	you
Òsiguria	Oxygen
osja	the axis
osk	osk
øtastet	island key
OThe	OThe
ØThe	ØThe
other	other
others	others
ounces	ounces
out	out
output	output
overclock	overclock
oWindows	oWindows
oz	oz
pa	but
paaftësi	DISABLED
paaftësitë	disability
paaftëso	disable
paaftësuar	disabled
pack	pack
packet	packet
packs	packs
pad	pad
paetiketuar	unlabeled
paformatuar	unformatted
page	page
pagefile	pagefile
pages	pages
paindeksuar	flexor
painstaluar	painstaluar
Paint	Paint
pair	pair
pairs	pairs
pajisja	DEVICE
pajisje	equipment
pajisjen	DEVICE
pajisjes	DEVICE
pajisjeveYFto	equipmentYFto
pajsje	pajsje
pak	then
paketa	package
paketë	package
Palfabetizo	Illiterate
pambështetur	unsupported
Pamjet	sights
pamor	prestige
pamore	VISUAL
Pane	There are
panel	panel
PanelçAre	PanelsAre
paneli	panel
panelin	panel
Panelit	PANEL
panels	panels
panevojshme	needless
panevoshme	unnecessary
paper	paper
papërcaktuar	INDEFINITE
papërgjegjshëm	irresponsible
papërzgjedhura	ineligible
paqartë	unclear
para	to
paraafishim	paraphishim
paraafishimet	paraafysimet
paraafishimi	paraphrymical
paraafishimit	paraafishimit
Paraafisho	Parafisho
paraafishohet	paraafyshohet
paraafishuar	parafishuar
paraardhës	ANCESTOR
parametër	parameter
parametra	settings
parametrat	settings
parametrave	settings
parametrit	parameters
Parametrizimi	Setting
parametrizo	parameterize
Parametrizon	Parameterization
parandalo	parandale
parandalojnë	prevent
parandaluar	PREVENT
parapëlqyera	Favorite
parapëlqyerat	preferences
parapëlqyerit	favorites
parapëlqyerve	favorites
paraqitës	presenter
Paraqitësi	submitter
parashiko	Preview
parazedhur	parazedhur
parazgjdhe	pre-selection
parazgjedhur	default
parazgjedhura	default
parazgjedhuraAEkzekuto	defaultAExecution
parent	parent
parësor	primary
partitian	partitian
partitioning	partitioning
party	party
pas	not
paspecifikuar	unspecified
Pasqyro	Show
pasqyruar	reflecting
pasqyrues	reflective
pass	pass
passkey	passkey
passphrase¯shtyp	passphrase¯shtyp
password	password
passwordIAsnjë	passwordINothing
passwords	passwords
passwork	passwork
passwrod	passwrod
Paste	Paste
pastrimi	cleaning
pastro	priest
PastroÁPërdor	CleanÁUse
pastroj	priests
pasword	pasword
paswrod	paswrod
patches	patches
path	path
paths	paths
pattern	pattern
paused	paused
pavlefshme	void
pavlefshmerThe	invalidThe
pc	pc
PCapture	PCapture
pCritical	pCritical
PCs	PCs
PDefragments	PDefragments
PDisplays	PDisplays
PDo	PDo
Pë	thread
peizazh	scenery
pejisje	singer
Pekran	Pekran
pen	pen
penën	pen
penës	pen
penflick	penflick
penmanship	penmanship
pentium	five
people	people
per	per
përbërësit	ingredients
përcakto	Define
Perceived	Perceived
perceptual	perceptual
përditësim	update
përditësime	updates
përditësimet	updates
Përditësimi	Updating
përditëso	update
përditësohet	updated
përditësojë	update
përditësuar	updated
përditësues	updater
përdorim­Për	përdorim­Për
përdorshme	usable
përdorues	USERS
përdoruesi	user
përdoruesit	User
përdoruesve	users
përdorusit	user at
perform	perform
Performanca	performance
performance	performance
performancë	performance
performed	performed
PerformRedirection	PerformRedirection
përfshish	incorporate the
përfundo	Wrapped
përgjithshme	gENERAL
përgjum	sleepy
përgjumje	somnolence
period	period
përkeshme	suitable
përkoshme	Provisional
përkujtues	REMINDER
permanently	permanently
përmaso	size
Përmbajtja	content
përmbajtjet	contents
përmirësim	IMPROVEMENT
përmirësime	improvement
përmirësimit	improving
përmirësoj	improve
permission	permission
permissions	permissions
permitted	permitted
përparuar	advanced
përpiqesh	try
përpunim	processing
Përpunimi	Processing
përpunojë	process
përpunuar	TREATED
Përputhja	CONFORMITY
përputhshëm	compatible
përputhshmëri	COMPLIANCE
përputhshmërisë	COMPLIANCE
persenal	percent
përsëritura	Repeated
përshat	Persha
përshkrimit	description
përshtat	adjust
përshtatës	adapter
përshtatjen	Convenience
përshtatur	ADJUSTING
përshtaturHNdrysho	adaptedHNedit
persists	persists
personale	staff
personalisation	personalisation
personalise	personalise
personalisim	personally
personaliso	personalize
personalization	personalization
personalize	personalize
personalized	personalized
personalizim	customization
personalizimi	personalization
personalizo	I customize
personalizuara	custom
Personilazo	Great character
përzgjedh	select
përzgjedhjen	selection
përzgjedhjes	selection
përzgjedhjet	selections
përzgjedhur	selected
përzgjedhurahZhvendos	selectedMove
përzgjidh	select
Pezullo	Suspend
pezulluar	suspended
pezulluara	suspended
pFiles	pFiles
Pformatuar	Formatted
phone	phone
phonetic	phonetic
photo	photo
photograph	photograph
photographs	photographs
photos	photos
pick	pick
picked	picked
picks	picks
picture	picture
pictures	pictures
pif	pif
pika	long
pikëza	droplets
piksel	pixel
pin	pin
Pinball	Pinball
pinyin	pinyin
pixels	pixels
place	place
Places	Places
plane	plane
planifikimin	pLANNING
Planifiko	Planning
planifikosh	plan our
planifikuar	planned
planifikuara	planned
Planifikuesin	planner
plans	plans
plasma	plasma
play	play
played	played
player	player
playing	playing
Plays	Plays
playto	playto
plazma	plasma
Please	Please
pllakëz	plate
pllakëza	platelets
Pllakëzat	platelets
plot	plot
plotësues	ADDITIONAL
plug	plug
plugged	plugged
png	png
po	after
point	point
pointer	pointer
pointers	pointers
pointing	pointing
points	points
policies	policies
policy	policy
policys	policies
poor	poor
pop	pop
popupblocker	popupblocker
popups	popups
popupstopper	popupstopper
por	by
port	port
porta	brings
portable	portable
portativ	portable
portrait	portrait
portret	portrait
pos	pos
positian	positian
position	position
positioning	positioning
Posta	Post
Postën	Post
potencialisht	potentially
potential	potential
pound	pound
pounds	pounds
Pow	Pow
power	power
powersaver	powersaver
powershell	powershell
pozicionim	positioning
PPërzgjidh	Select
ppi	ppi
pppoe	pppoe
Prapashtesa	Extension
prapashtesat	extensions
prapashtesë	suffix
prapashtesën	extension
prapësim	turndown
precise	precise
precision	precision
precover	precover
predict	predict
prediction	prediction
predictive	predictive
preferencat	preferences
prekjes	touch
premium	premium
Preparing	Preparing
presentation	presentation
preserve	preserve
prevent	prevent
prevented	prevented
preventing	preventing
preview	preview
previewed	previewed
previewer	previewer
previous	previous
previously	previously
prezantim	presentation
prezantimi	presentation
prgrame	prgrame
primary	primary
print	print
printer	printer
printerë	printer
printerët	printers
printerin	printer
printerit	printer
printers	printers
printim	PRINT
printimit	Printable
printing	printing
printner	printer
Printo	Printo
printout	printout
printuar	print
prit	took
pritësin	host
pritner	print
privacy	privacy
privat	private
private	private
privatësi	privacy
priveleges	priveleges
priviledges	priviledges
privileges	privileges
privilegje	privileges
privilegjet	privileges
priza	snuff
prizë	outlet
probleme	problems
problemet	the problem
problemeve	problem
problemin	the problem
problemit	PROBLEM
problems	problems
procese	process
proceses	proceses
procesin	process
procesor	processor
procesorit	processor
process	process
processes	processes
processing	processing
processor	processor
processorArchitecture	processorArchitecture
prodhues	CROP
product	product
produktet	the product
profilit	profile
program	program
ProgramData	ProgramData
programe	programmer
programet	PROGRAMS
ProgrametvÇinstalo	ProgrametvCinstal
Programeve	program
programfThe	programfThe
programin	PROGRAM
programinKÇinstalo	programinKÇinstal
programit	progrAm
programmes	programmes
programs	programs
progres	progres
Progresi	Progression
progresit	ProgrEss
projection	projection
projector	projector
projektim	designing
projektor	projector
Prompt	Prompt
promptĄmë	prompt
prompting	prompting
prompts	prompts
proofing	proofing
properly	properly
properties	properties
Properties¯The	Properties¯The
property	property
prosimity	Promites
protect	protect
protected	protected
protection	protection
protocol	protocol
protocols	protocols
protokolle	protocols
provide	provide
provider	provider
provides	provides
provo	provo
proximity	proximity
proxycfg	proxycfg
proxymity	proxymity
Pse	Why?
psistemoj	psystems
psr	psr
PThere	PThere
ptrashë	bird
public	public
publicKeyToken	publicKeyToken
publik	public
Publiko	public
Publikuar	Published
Publikues	publishers
publikuesin	publisher
pulse	pulse
puna	spring
pune	pune
Puno	A lot
PWindows	PWindows
pyetësor	questionnaire
PYou	PYou
QA	QA
QAny	QAny
qAre	Yes
qartësi	clarity
qasen	access
qasja	ACCESS
qasje	ACCESS
qasjen	ACCESS
qasjes	ACCESS
qasshmëri	accessibility
qasshmëria	accessibility
qasshmërisë	accessibility
Qasu	Mix
qasur	access
qendra	center
qIf	qIf
qpaaftësitë	disabilities
QPër	QFor
qualified	qualified
quality	quality
query	query
questionaire	questionnaire
questionnaire	questionnaire
Queued	Queued
quick	quick
quicker	quicker
quicklaunch	quicklaunch
quiet	quiet
quiklaunch	quiklaunch
Quit	Quit
quite	quite
ĸWindows	Windows
ra	day
Radha	Radha
Radhitje	recap
radio	radio
raid	raid
rajonal	REGIONAL
rajone	in the district
rajoni	REGION
RAny	Wounds
raport	report
raporte	reports
raportet	reports
raporteve	reports
raportim	reporting
raporton	REPORTS
RAS	RAS
rate	rate
rating	rating
Ratings	Ratings
ray	ray
rd	rd
RDesktopi	RDesktopi
rDo	rDo
re	re
reachit	reachit
read	read
readability	readability
readable	readable
reader	reader
readers	readers
reading	reading
Readme	Readme
ready	ready
reagime	FEEDBACK
reccomended	reccomended
reccommended	reccommended
receive	receive
received	received
receives	receives
receptor	receptor
recogination	recogination
recognition	recognition
recognize	recognize
recognizing	recognizing
recomended	recommended
recommend	recommend
recommendations	recommendations
recommended	recommended
recongition	recongition
reconition	reconition
reconnect	reconnect
record	record
recordable	recordable
recorded	recorded
recorder	recorder
recording	recording
Records	Records
recover	recover
recovering	recovering
recovers	recovers
recovery	recovery
recycle	recycle
red	red
redakto	edit
redaktohen	are edited
redakton	edit
redaktor	editor
Redaktori	Editors
redaktorin	editor
redaktosh	redaktosh
redaktuar	edited
redaktueshëm	editable
redirect	redirect
redirectable	redirectable
redirected	redirected
Redirection	Redirection
Redo	Redo
refer	refer
reference	reference
referencës	REFERENCE
reformat	reformat
refresh	refresh
refreshrate	refreshrate
ReFS	ReFS
Refuzohet	refused
refuzohetRDo	rejectedRDo
refuzohetVDo	rejectedVDo
region	region
regional	regional
regions	regions
register	register
registry	registry
regjim	MODE
Regjimet	MODES
Regjimi	regime
regjimin	REGIME
regjimit	regime
Regjistrimet	Fixtures
regjistro	RECORD
regjistroj	record
regjistruara	Joined
regjistrueshëm	registrable
Regjistruesi	Registrar
regular	regular
regullore	REGULATION
reimage	reimage
reindex	reindex
reinsert	reinsert
reinstall	reinstall
reinstate	reinstate
rekl	said
reklama	advertisement
reklamat	advertising
reklamim	advertising
rekomandohet	recommended
rekomanduara	recommended
rekomandueshme	recommended
relative	relative
release	release
reliability	reliability
remaining	remaining
remember	remember
reminder	reminder
remote	remote
RemoteApp	RemoteApp
RemoteDesktop	RemoteDesktop
remotely	remotely
removable	removable
removal	removal
remove	remove
removed	removed
remover	remover
removes	removes
removing	removing
rename	rename
renamed	renamed
renaming	renaming
rend	makes
rendering	rendering
Rëndësia	Importance
Rendi	Okay
Rendit	Sort
renditje	ORDER
renditjen	rankings
rënie	Falling
reorder	reorder
repair	repair
repaired	repaired
repairing	repairing
repairs	repairs
repeat	repeat
replace	replace
report	report
reporting	reporting
reports	reports
reproduce	reproduce
request	request
requirement	requirement
requires	requires
rescue	rescue
reset	reset
resilient	resilient
resize	resize
reslution	reslution
resoltion	resoltion
resolution	resolution
resolutoin	resolute
resolve	resolve
resolved	resolved
resource	resource
Resources	Resources
restart	restart
restarts	restarts
restaurime	restoration
restaurimet	restorations
restaurimi	RECOVER
restaurimit	restoration
restauro	restoration
restauroj	restorations
restaurosh	restaurosh
restore	restore
restored	restored
restores	restores
restrict	restrict
restricted	restricted
result	result
results	results
resumes	resumes
retain	retain
retention	retention
retrieve	retrieve
retrieved	retrieved
return	return
returned	returned
revers	reverse
reverse	reverse
review	review
revizionit	AUDIT
rezerva	book
Rezervo	Reservation
rezolcion	resolution
rezolucion	resolution
rezolucionin	resolution
rezolucoin	rezolucoin
rezolution	resolution
rezultatet	results
rezultateve	results
rgb	rgb
Rhomegroup	Rhomegroup
ri	ri
Ribëj	redo
Ribën	Ribe
riBOpen	riBOpen
riciklim	recycling
Riciklimi	Recycling
riciklimit	recycling
riciklimitLHiq	recyclingLHiq
riciklo	recycle
ricikluar	recycled
riCPastro	riCPastro
rid	rid
riemërtimi	renaming
riemërtimit	renaming
Riemërto	Rename
riemërtohet	renamed
riemërtoj	rename
riemërtojë	rename
Riemërton	Rename
riemërtosh	rename
riemërtuar	renamed
riformato	reformed
right	right
righting	righting
rights	rights
riindekso	riindex
riinstaloj	reinstallations
Rikthe	Restore
rikthimi	accueil
rikuperim	reclamation
rikuperime	recoveries
rikuperimin	Reclamation
rikuperimit	recovery
rikupero	Recover
rikuperoj	salvage
rileximit	rereading
rinis	Youth
rinisësh	relaunch
riniset	reboot
rinisjes	cleanings
riparim	repair
riparo	shelter
riparoj	repairs
riparojë	recondition
riparoje	repairing
riparua	repair
Riprovo	I'll try again
rirendit	laughs
Rishiko	Rishiko
rishkrueshëm	rewritable
ritare	draftsman
rivendosjen	restoration
rjet	rjet
ŔKe	ŔKe
RMagazino	RMagazine
rmaso	rama
rme	rme
roaming	roaming
roje	fasting
rollback	rollback
rom	rom
room	room
root	root
rotate	rotate
rotation	rotation
rovo	bramble
rPër	For
rpoxy	rpoxy
rregullim	REGULATION
rregullo	Adjust
rregullojmë	fix
rregullore	REGULATION
rregulloren	REGULATION
rregulloret	regulations
Rregullorja	rule
rregulluar	adjust
rrëshqit	Swipe
Rrëshqitës	slide
rrëshqitëse	toboggan
rrëshqitësin	the slider
rrëshqitësit	slider
rrëshqitje	slide
rrëshqitur	sliding
rritësDSort	ascendingDSort
rritje	gROWTH
rrjetëpA	net
rrjetëzim	reticulation
rrjetin	NETWORK
rrjetit	NETWORK
rrjetitMKrijo	networkMCreate
rrjetitSKrijo	networkSKreat
rrotës	WHEEL
rrotullim	rotation
Rrotullo	Rotate
rrotulloj	swivel
rShporta	rShporta
rss	rss
RTap	RTap
rtekst	rtekst
RTF	RTF
ruaj	safe
Ruaje	Save
ruajtës	custodian
Ruajtësi	The Guardian
ruajtësin	Guardian
ruajtjes`Përzgjidh	storage`Select
ruajtjesYSelect	storageYSelect
ruan	ruan
ruhen	rest
rujtje	storage
rules	rules
run	run
running	running
runs	runs
rVeprimi	rVeprimi
RW	RW
RYou	RYou
sa	on
safe	safe
safesearch	safesearch
safety	safety
saj	soot
saje	just
sajt	cheese
sajte	sites
sajtet	sites
sajtin	sITE
same	same
sample	sample
sas	sas
sasi	month
saved	saved
saver	saver
savers	savers
Saves	Saves
saving	saving
savings	savings
savins	savins
scan	scan
scandisc	scandisc
scandisk	scandisk
scandsk	scandinavian
scaners	scaners
scanned	scanned
scanner	scanner
scanners	scanners
scanning	scanning
Schedule	Schedule
scheduled	scheduled
scheduling	scheduling
schemas	schemas
scheme	scheme
schemes	schemes
scope	scope
scopes	scopes
screan	screan
screansavers	screansavers
screeen	screeen
screeens	screeens
screeensavers	screeensavers
screen	screen
screenreader	screenreader
screens	screens
screensavers	screensavers
scren	screen
screne	screen
screnesavers	screnesavers
scrensavers	scrensavers
Script	Script
Scripts	Scripts
scrolling	scrolling
scrollwheel	scrollwheel
scrren	screen
scrrensavers	scrrensavers
scsi	scsi
SDuhet	Must
se	with
search	search
searched	searched
searches	searches
searching	searching
second	second
seconds	seconds
secrecy	secrecy
sector	sector
secure	secure
SecureBoot	SecureBoot
securing	securing
security	security
see	see
seeing	seeing
seems	seems
Segoe	Segoe
sekonda	SECONDS
sekondë	second
Sekran	Screen
sektor	sector
select	select
selected	selected
Selection	Selection
selects	selects
semicolon	semicolon
Semilight	Semilight
send	send
send¨celular	send¨celular
sendHarchive	sendHarchive
Sends	Sends
senser	sensor
sensor	sensor
sensors	sensors
sent	sent
sentence	sentence
sentry	sentry
separate	separate
seperate	seperate
server	server
serveri	servers
serverin	server
service	service
services	services
sesion	session
sesione	sessions
sesionetDuhet	sesionetDuhet
sesionin	the session
sesioninCDisku	sessioninCDisku
sesioninVMbyll	sesioninVMbyll
sesionit	session
session	session
set	set
Sets	Sets
setting	setting
settings	settings
setup	setup
sfond	BACKGROUND
sfondi	backgrounds
sfondit	background
sgtray	sgtray
shadow	shadow
shadows	shadows
shake	shake
shaking	shaking
shape	shape
share	share
shared	shared
sharemedia	sharemedia
sharing	sharing
sheet	sheet
shell	shell
shellit	shellit
shënimesh	NOTE TAKING
shënues	marker
shënuesin	Goalscorer
shënuesit	Maker
Shfaqja	appearance
shfletim	riffle
Shfletimi	Viewing
shfletimit	browsing
Shfleto	Browse
shfletues	browsers
shfletuesin	browser
shfletuesit	browser
shi	he
shifër	digit
shift	shift
shiftlock	shift lock
shih	shih
shirit	ribbon
shiritat	RIBBONS
shiriti	TAPE
shiritin	bar
shiritit	bar
shkakroj	regurgitate
shkallëzim	escalation
shkallëzoj	graduate
shkarkime	DOWNLOADS
shkarkimet	EMISSIONS
shkarkimi	REMOVAL
shkarkimit	DISMISSAL
shkarko	download
shkarkohet	DISCHARGED
shkarkoj	download
shkëputjen	secession
Shkëputu	Disconnect
shkrirjes	melting
Shkruaj²Shkruan	Write²Wrote
shkrueshëm	writable
shkrueshme	writeable
shkulje	tweak
shkurtore	SHORTCUTS
shkurtoren	shortcut
shkurtoret	shortcuts
shkurtorja	shortcut
shoot	shoot
shoqata	association
shoqërues	companion
short	short
shortcut	shortcut
shortcuts	shortcuts
shorter	shorter
should	should
show	show
shown	shown
Shows	Shows
showsounds	showsounds
shpejtësia	speed
shpejtësinë	Tilt
shpërndarës	distributor
shpeshtësia	frequency
Shporta	Shopping Cart
Shportëŷ	Cart
shrim	shrim
shrink	shrink
Shtesa	Add-ons
shtesat	Accessories
shtet	COUNTRY
shteti	COUNTRY
shto	what
shts	shts
shumëfisht	multiple
shumëfishta	multiple
shumëgjuhëshe	POLYGLOT
shumëkanalësh	surround
shumti	MOST
shurdhëri	deaf
shut	shut
shutdown	shutdown
shuts	shuts
shyrje	introduction
si	and
side	side
sides	sides
sideshow	sideshow
sight	sight
sign	sign
signatures	signatures
signed	signed
signin	sign
signingWsinch	signingWsinch
signoff	signoff
signon	sign
signout	sign out
siguriaèParaqit	securityèAppear
SiguriaThe	SiguriaThe
sigurimit	Security
sigurisëFNdrysho	securityFNedit
sigurohu	BE SURE
simbole	symbols
simboli	symbols
similar	similar
SimpleFast	SimpleFast
since	since
sinch	single
single	single
sinjal	sign
sinjale	SIGNAL
sinjalizim	signaling
sinjalizon	signals
sinjalizuar	Signaling
sinkronizimi	sync
sinkronizimin	synchronization
sinkronizimit	sync
sinkronizo	synchronization
SinkronizocSinkronizo	Synchronization Synchronization
Sinkronizon	Synchronization
sinkronizuar	synchronize
sInsert	sInsert
sistem	system
sisteme	Sistema
sistemet	system
sistemi	system
sistemim	collation
sistemimin	REGULATION
sistemin	SySTEm
sistemit	SYSTEM
sistemitiShfaq	systemShfaq
Sistemo	System
sistemoj	systems
Sistemon	System
sites	sites
size	size
skadimi	expiry
skaner	Scanner
skanerë	scanners
skanerët	scanners
skanim	SCAN
skanimi	Scanning
Skano	Scan
skanoi	scan
skanoj	scans
skanosh	scan
skanua	scanned
skanuar	scan
skanues	sounds
skeda	schedule
skedar	spoons
skedarë	Related files
skedarëGApliko	filesGAply
skedarësh	file
skedarët	file
skedarëve	file
skedarëveIWindows	Windows files
skedarëvexShfaq	filesxShow
skedari	file
skedarin	the file
skedarit	file
skedarKDo	KDo file
skedarMDo	spoonsMDo
skedarPDo	PDO file
skedë	file
skedën	ENTRY
skema	scheme
skemë	scheme
skinny	skinny
skSome	skSome
sl	sl
sleeping	sleeping
slide	slide
sliding	sliding
slow	slow
slower	slower
sluggish	sluggish
SMake	Taste
Small	Small
smaller	smaller
smart	smart
smartcard	smartcard
smartscreen	smart screen
Smemorie	Memories
smooth	smooth
snap	snap
snapping	snapping
snipping	snipping
snooze	snooze
so	so
socket	socket
socks	socks
soft	soft
softare	softare
softer	softer
softuer	SOFTWARE
softuerë	software
softuerit	SOFTWARE
software	software
softwares	softwares
sofuer	sofuer
sofware	software
sóKontrollo	saltControl
Solitaire	Solitaire
solution	solution
solutions	solutions
some	some
someone	someone
Sort	Sort
sorting	sorting
sotfuer	sotfuer
sotfware	software
sound	sound
soundcards	soundcards
sounds	sounds
soundsentry	soundsentry
source	source
sources	sources
space	space
spacebar	spacebar
spaces	spaces
spanish	spanish
Sparaqitës	Explosive
spastro	Clear
speaker	speaker
speakers	speakers
speaking	speaking
speciale	special
specified	specified
specifik	specific
specifike	SPECifiC
Specifiko	Specifics
specifikove	specifically
specifikuar	specified
specify	specify
speech	speech
speechrecognition	speechrecognition
speed	speed
speedup	speedup
spell	spell
spelling	spelling
spelt	spelt
spiun	spy
Splits	Splits
spranë	sprat
spyware	spyware
spywear	spywear
sqasje	squeeze
squiggle	squiggle
squiggly	squiggly
src	src
sRGB	sRGB
srOne	srOne
Ss	Ss
sshtesë	additional
stabilitet	stability
stability	stability
stack	stack
stage	stage
stand	stand
standalone	standalone
standard	standard
standarde	standard
standby	standby
start	start
Started	Started
starter	starter
starting	starting
startup	startup
state	state
status	status
Statusi	StatUS
statusin	sTATUS
statusit	status
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoscopic
stereoskopik	stereoscopic
stick	stick
sticky	sticky
stickykeys	stickykeys
still	still
stilolaps	pen
SToo	SToo
stop	stop
stopper	stopper
storage	storage
store	store
stored	stored
stream	stream
streaming	streaming
StringFileInfo	StringFileInfo
Struktura	Structure
strukturë	structure
stylus	stylus
subdirectories	subdirectories
subfolder	subfolder
subfolders	subfolders
subscriber	subscriber
subwoofer	subwoofer
successfully	successfully
such	such
sufficient	sufficient
suggest	suggest
suggestions	suggestions
sugjerime	suggestions
sugjerojë	suggest
sugjerojnë	suggest
sukses	success
super	super
supply	supply
support	support
supported	supported
sure	sure
surround	surround
survey	survey
Suspended	Suspended
SVCD	SVCD
Swipe	Swipe
switch	switch
switches	switches
symbol	symbol
symbols	symbols
sync	sync
synchronise	synchronise
synchronization	synchronization
synchronize	synchronize
syncing	syncing
syncronize	syncronize
synk	sink
SYou	SYou
system	system
systemrestores	systemrestores
systems	systems
systemtray	systemtray
systray	system tray
t	t
ta	facing
tab	tab
tabaka	class
tabakaja	tobacco
tabbed	tabbed
tabelës	table
tabletit	tablets
tablets	tablets
tabs	tabs
tails	tails
take	take
takim	such
takimin	appointment
takimit	mEETING
talk	talk
taller	taller
tani	this
taniXMenyja	taniXMenu
tap	tap
tape	tape
tapping	tapping
taps	taps
target	target
tasierë	keypad
task	task
taskbar	taskbar
taskman	taskman
taskmgr	taskmgr
tasks	tasks
tasterë	Push buttons
tastet	taste
tasteve	keystrokes
tasti	keys
Tastiera	Keyboard
tastierë	keyboard
tastierën	keyboard
tastierës	keyboard
tastiwin	tastiwin
tb	tb
tcp	tcp
tcpip	tcpip
te	the
teach	teach
tejkalimit	EXCEEDED
Tejkalo	Dismiss
tekstit	subtitles
tel	tel
telco	telco
telefon	telephone
telefonike	TELEPHONE
telephone	telephone
television	television
televizion	television
televizor	television
tell	tell
telnet	telnet
tema	him/her
temë	topic
temën	TOPIC
temorary	temorary
temperary	temperary
temporary	temporary
tëndDPër	yoursDFor
tëndMParaqit	yourMParajit
terminal	terminal
terminali	terminals
testament	testament
testimi	tESTING
testit	tests
text	text
TFailed	TFailed
tfestë	holiday
Tgjeografik	Geographical
than	than
that	that
the	the
theksim	EMPHASIS
Thekso	Highlight
them	them
theme	theme
themelor	BASIC
themelore	BaSiC
themes	themes
ThemesIPërzgjidh	ThemesSelect
then	then
there	there
these	these
they	they
thick	thick
thicker	thicker
thickness	thickness
thin	thin
third	third
this	this
those	those
thrashing	thrashing
threed	threed
through	through
thumbnails	thumbnails
ti	of
tick	tick
ticking	ticking
tif	tif
tiff	tiff
tile	tile
tiles	tiles
tim	tim
time	time
timekOne	timekOne
timeout	timeout
timer	timer
times	times
timezone	timezone
timing	timing
tip	tip
tipar	eel
tipare	FEATURES
tipat	types
tipi	types
tipin	type
tipografi	typography
TitleArea	TitleArea
titullit	title
tjetërHNis	otherHNis
tkurret	shrink
tmp	tmp
tmproxy	tmproxy
Tndihmëse	Helpful
to	to
together	together
toggle	toggle
togglekeys	togglekeys
ton	ton
tone	tone
toner	toner
tones	tones
too	too
tool	tool
toolbar	toolbar
toolbars	toolbars
tools	tools
tooth	tooth
top	top
Torientim	Orientation
total	total
totale	total
touch	touch
touchpad	touchpad
touchtone	touchtone
tParaqit	tParaqit
TPlaying	TPlaying
TPlease	TPlease
track	track
trackball	trackball
tracker	tracker
tracking	tracking
tracks	tracks
training	training
trajnim	coaching
transferimet	transfers
transmetimit	BROADCASTING
transmetoj	transmit
transmit	transmit
Transporti	Transport
transportues	CARRIER
trashësi	thickening
tray	tray
tred	step
Tree	Tree
treguesin	Index
tried	tried
trojan	trojan
trokit	Tap
trokitje	percussion
Trokitjes	Knocking
trouble	trouble
troubleshoot	troubleshoot
troubleshooter	troubleshooter
troubleshooting	troubleshooting
trubleshoot	trubleshoot
truetype	truetype
trust	trust
trusted	trusted
trusting	trusting
try	try
Trying	Trying
ts	ts
tshoot	tshoot
TTFontDimenCache	TTFontDimenCache
TTFontDimenCacheDBCS	TTFontDimenCacheDBCS
TThis	TThis
tts	tts
tu	there
tua	old
tuner	tuner
tuning	tuning
turn	turn
turnoff	turnoff
turnon	turn
turns	turns
tutorial	tutorial
tv	tv
tweak	tweak
two	two
txt	txt
ty	company
type	type
typeface	typeface
types	types
typography	typography
u	in
UA	DO
UAC	UAC
uadministron	administration
uafër	waifer
uAre	Are you
UCan	UCan
UÇdo	UÇdo
UDF	UDF
udhëzuesit	guidelines
ueb	WEBSITE
uebi	uebi
uebit	web
uebkam	webcam
uebsajtDHap	websiteDHap
uebsajte	websites
uebsajtet	websites
uefi	uefi
ui	ui
uk	uk
UKrijon	UKryon
ul	ul
ulo	head
ultimate	ultimate
Ûmbërthim	Strength
unable	unable
unavailable	unavailable
unblock	unblock
undefined	undefined
under	under
understand	understand
Undo	Undo
unexpected	unexpected
unformatted	unformatted
Unidentified	Unidentified
Uninstall	Uninstall
uninstalled	uninstalled
uninstalling	uninstalling
uninstalls	uninstalls
unistall	uninstall
unknown	unknown
unlock	unlock
unnecessary	unnecessary
unneeded	unneeded
unpartition	unpartition
unplugged	unplugged
unresponsive	unresponsive
unsaved	unsaved
unsupported	unsupported
unwanted	unwanted
up	up
upblocker	upblocker
upCMake	upCMake
update	update
updated	updated
updater	updater
updates	updates
Updating	Updating
UPërdor	Use
upërputhshëm	compatible
Ûpërshtatje	Adaptation
UPërzgjidh	Select
upgrade	upgrade
upload	upload
uppercase	uppercase
Úprograme	New program
UProvides	UProvides
ups	ups
urn	urn
usa	deer
usage	usage
USB	USB
use	use
used	used
useless	useless
usemTo	use to
user	user
useraccount	useraccount
useracount	useracount
username	username
USERPROFILE	USERPROFILE
users	users
uses	uses
using	using
Uskanimi	Uskanim
usually	usually
UTF	UTF
UThe	The
utilities	utilities
utility	utility
UZmadhon	UZmadhon
v	in
Va	And
val	val
valëzim	rippling
valëzuar	corrugated
valid	valid
valixhe	luggage
valixhes	baggage
value	value
values	values
valutat	currencies
valutë	foreign currency
valutës	CurrENCy
vanished	vanished
VAny	Bathtubs
var	our
variabël	variable
variables	variables
variety	variety
varje	each
vault	vault
Vazhdimi	EXTENSION
VCD	VCD
VÇdo	VÇdo
VDisplays	VDisplays
vduke	grandchild
velga	vell
vëllim	volume
vëllime	volumes
vëllimet	volumes
vëllimi	volume
vëllimin	volume
vëllimWindows	vëllimWindows
ven	come
vende	sell
Vendmbërritja	destination
vendmbërritje	destinations
vendmbërritjes	destination
vendnd	place
vendndodhja	location
vendndodhje	LOCATIONS
vendndodhjeje	location
vendndodhjen	location
vendndodhjenFDuke	locationFDuke
vendndodhjes	location
vendndodhjet	locale
vendndodhjeve	locale
vendor	vendor
vendosje	SETTLING
venitje	fading
verb	verb
verified	verified
verifiko	CHECK
verifikoj	verify
verify	verify
version	version
versionet	versions
versioni	versions
versionin	version
versions	versions
vështrim	look
Vështrimin	Outlook
vet	vet
Vetë¨C	Vetë¨C
vetëfshih	hide yourself
vetëkorrigjo	self-correct
vetekzakutoj	racing emergencies
Vetële	Light
vetëlexim	AutoPlay
Vetëleximi	Self-reading
Vetëleximit	Self-reading
vetëmbush	self-sufficient
vetënis	self-starter
vetëpërditësim	self-update
vetëpërfundoj	self-termination
vetëplotësim	self-sufficiency
vetëplotësimin	self-sufficient
vetëplotëso	Auto-fill
vetëshfaq	self-presentation
Vetësistemo	Self-system
vetëzgjim	self-awakening
Vetia	properties
vetisë	virtue
VetitëHShfaq	PropertiesHShow
vetive	features
vetkorrigjo	self-correct
vëzhgim	SURVEY
vga	vga
via	via
video	video
videocards	videocards
videoes	videos
videokarta	video card
videon	video
videos	videos
videot	video
view	view
viewer	viewer
viewing	viewing
Views	Views
VIf	VIf
vij	vij
virtual	virtual
virtuale	virtual
virtualmemory	virtualmemory
virus	virus
viruses	viruses
viruset	the virus
visible	visible
vision	vision
vista	vista
visual	visual
visuals	visuals
VitiqDisa	VitiqDisa
vizatimet	the drawings
vizatimorë	cartoon
vkontrollo	vkontrollo
VManages	VManages
voice	voice
voices	voices
volume	volume
volumes	volumes
VPërmban	Contains
vpn	vpn
WAfishon	WAfishon
wait	wait
wake	wake
wakeup	wakeup
waking	waking
wall	wall
walled	walled
wallpaper	wallpaper
want	want
WAny	Any
ware	ware
warning	warning
warnings	warnings
was	was
wasn	wasn
watch	watch
wav	wav
way	way
wDëshiron	wWant
We	We
weak	weak
web	web
webcam	webcam
webpages	webpages
website	website
websites	websites
Week	Week
weight	weight
well	well
WEmri	WEMRI
wer	who
were	were
WEtiketa	WEtiketa
what	what
wheel	wheel
when	when
where	where
whether	whether
which	which
while	while
Why	Why
Wi	Wi
wide	wide
wider	wider
widgets	widgets
width	width
wifi	wifi
wildcards	wildcards
will	will
willnot	willnot
win	win
windos	windos
window	window
windows	windows
WindowsThe	WindowsThe
windowsupdate	windowsupdate
windw	windw
winkey	winkey
winproxy	winproxy
winsock	winsock
wipe	wipe
wipeQfushë	wipeQfield
wire	wire
wireless	wireless
with	with
without	without
wizard	wizard
wizzard	wizzard
wlan	wlan
wmf	wmf
won	won
word	word
WordPad	WordPad
words	words
work	work
workarounds	workarounds
workgroup	workgroup
working	working
workplace	workplace
world	world
worm	worm
would	would
Wrapper	Wrapper
writable	writable
write	write
writing	writing
written	written
ws	ws
wsMicrosoft	wsMicrosoft
wThis	wThis
wupdater	wupdater
WWindows	WWindows
www	www
wzgjedh	wselect
x	x
XFiles	XFiles
xhaketë	jacket
ximin	scum
xjashtë	six
xKopjon	xCopy
Xme	Xme
xml	xml
xmlns	xmlns
XMS	XMS
XNëse	XIf
XNuk	XNo
XP	XP
Xprekje	Xtouch
XSkedari	XFile
xtë	XTE
XUDF	XUDF
Y	AND
ŷ	house
YAdds	YAdds
year	year
yen	yen
yes	yes
Yi	Do
YIf	YIf
Ykaraktere	Y-grades
YKompjuterët	Computers
Yndriçim	I am a student.
Ýorë	Yorë
you	you
your	your
ypastro	ypastro
YPërdor	YUse
yplane	flat
YSelect	YSelect
yt	yt
yThere	yThere
Ytrokit	Ytrokit
yuan	yuan
yyyy	yyyy
yzmadhim	yzmadhim
Z	WITH
Zarea	horizon
Zbeh	dim
zbehë	pale
zbehe	zbehe
zbehje	PALLOR
Zbërthe	Unpack
Zbërthen	breaks down
zbrazësh	empty your
zbritës	downhill
zbritësDSort	descendingDSort
zbritësESort	descendingESort
zeher	zeher
ZEnter	Zentral
zëvendësimin	REPLACING
zëvendëso	substitutes
zëvendësoGZëvendëso	replaceGReplace
zëvendësohen	replaced
zëvendësoIZëvendëso	replaceIReplace
ZFor	ZFor
zgjedhje	ElEctions
zgjedhjet	elections
zgjerime	extension
zgjerimet	expansions
zgjerua	expanded
zgjidhësi	Resolver
zgjidhësin	the solver
zgjidhje	solution
zgjidhjen	the solution
zgjidhjes	RESOLUTION
zgjidhjet	settlement
zgjim	GROWN
zgjimit	arousal
Zh	Zh
Zhanrit	Genre
Zhbëj	Undo
zhblloko	UNBLOCK
zhbllokoj	open up
zhdo	zhdo
Zhv	Zhv
Zhvendose	transpose
zhvendosësh	transpose
Zhvendosja	displacement
zhvendosje	DISPLACEMENT
zhvendosjes	RELOCATION
zhvendosONuk	moveNot
zhvilluar	developed
zile	days
zip	zip
zmadhim	MAGNIFICATION
zmadhimit	zoom
Zmadho	Enlarge
zmadhoj	enlarge
Zmadhon	Magnify
zmadhuese	magnifying
Zmadhuesi	Magnifier
zmadhuesin	the magnifier
zmadhuesinMZhvendose	zoomMMove
zona	area
zonakohore	zone_of_love
zone	zone
zones	zones
zoom	zoom
zshënues	marker
zshpesh	often
ZSkedari	ZSkedari
zThe	zThe
zUse	zUse
Zvarriti	Drag
zvarritje	crawl
zvarritjen	stalling
Zvendos	Stars
zvogëlimit	Reduced
zyrtare	OFFiCiaL
Ʒnavigim	my name
ÞNjësia	ÞUnit
µAn	An
µmenaxheri	µmanager
µWindows	µWindows
лkontrollues	control
