a	a
aabalang	busy
aabang	waiting
aabante	advancing
aabot	will reach
aabusuhin	will be abused
aabutan	will catch up
aabutang	aabut
aabutin	it will take
aabuting	will be good
aagaw	snatch
aagawan	will fight
aagawin	will be snatched
aagawing	will be seized
aagos	flowing
aagusan	area
aahit	shaving
aahitan	shave
aahitin	to shave
aahon	up
aahong	oh my
aahunin	alas
aakala	I think
aakalain	supposedly
aakalaing	supposedly
aakalang	I think
aakay	will lead
aakayin	will be led
aakit	will attract
aakitin	will attract
aaklas	striker
aaksaya	wasteful
aaksayahan	will be wasted
aaksayahang	wasteful
aakusa	accuse
aakyat	going up
aakyatin	will climb
aal	material
aalaa	aalaa
aalaala	worry
aalaalang	worrying
aalab	burning
aalabin	student
aalaga	care
aalagaan	will take care of
aalagang	caring
aalak	aalak
aalala	worry
aalalahanin	will remember
aalalahaning	will remember
aalalang	worried
aalalay	will support
aalalayan	support
aalamin	will find out
aalangan	hesitant
aalangang	obstacle
aalas	wake up
aalay	offering
aalayan	will be served
aali	wave
aalimpuyo	will clean
aalimpuyong	surging
aalimurahin	aalimurahin
aalingasaw	aalingasaw
aalingawngaw	aalingawngaw
aalinlangan	doubt
aalipin	slave
aalipinin	will be enslaved
aalipusta	insulting
aalipustain	will be insulted
aalis	leaving
aalisan	departure
aalisin	will be removed
aalising	will be removed
aalitan	quarrel
aaliw	comforting
aaliwan	entertaining
aaliwin	will entertain
aalok	offer
aalsa	revolt
aalugin	alum
aalukin	offer
aalulong	howl
aalumanahin	to be mindful
aama	godfather
aaminin	admit
aampunin	to be adopted
aanak	child
aandap	suitable
aangal	cry
aangat	lifting
aangkin	claim
aangkinin	will claim
aanhin	harvest
aani	harvest
aanihan	harvest
aanihin	harvest
aanihing	harvest
aanim	six
aanimnapu	many
aaning	aaning
aantay	waiting
aantukin	sleepy
aanurin	aanurin
aanyayahan	will be invited
aanyong	as if
aapat	four
aapaw	overflowing
aapawan	apaawaan
aapela	appeal
aapi	oppression
aapihin	oppressed
aaping	oppressed
aapoy	burning
aaral	student
aaralan	will study
aararo	plowing
aararuhin	worry
aararuhing	aararuh
aaraw	sunny
aari	property
aariin	the anger
aariing	claiming
aaring	property
Aaron	Aaron
Aarong	Aarong
aaruga	will take care of
aasa	hope
aasahan	to expect
aasamasam	aasamasam
aasang	hope
aasar	tease
aasawa	marriage
aasawahan	to be married
aasawahin	to be married
aasawang	to marry
aasikaso	will take care
aasikasuhin	will take care of
aasinan	donkey
aasnan	salt
aatag	levy
aatras	retreat
aatubili	hesitant
aatubiling	reluctant
aatungal	aatungal
aaway	fighting
aawayin	will fight
aawit	singer
aawitan	will sing
aawitin	to sing
aawiting	singing
aayos	repair
aayuno	fasting
aayunong	fasting
aayusin	will be fixed
aayusing	will fix
aba	aba
abâ	abâ
Abaddon	Abaddon
Abadon	Abadon
Abadon 	Abadon 
Abagta	Shoulder
Abagtha	Abagath
Abaia	Abaya
abain	abbot
abala	busy
abalahan	busy
abalahin	disturb
abalang	busy
Aban	Aban
Abana	Children
abang	brother
abangan	watch out
abarim	rain
Abas	Both
abay	bridesmaid
Abba	Abba
Abda	Abda
Abdeel	Department
Abdi	My
Abdias	Abdias
Abdiel	Abdiel
Abdon	Abdon
Abed	Abed
Abednego	Abednego
Abel	Abel
Abelkeramim	Abelkerami
Abelmain	Abelmain
Abelmehola	Abelmehola
Abelmizraim	Abelmizraim
Abelqueramim	Abelqueramim
Abelsitim	Abelsiti
abeto	fir
Abi	Abi
Abia	only
Abialbon	Abialbon
Abiam	Abiam
Abias	Abijah
Abiasaf	Abiasaph
Abiasaph	Abiasaph
Abiasath	Abiathar
Abiatar	ABIATHAR
Abiathar	Abiathar
abib	friend
Abida	Abid
Abidan	Abidan
Abiel	Abiel
Abiezer	Abiezer
Abiezerita	Abiezerite
Abigail	Abigail
Abigal	Abigail
Abihail	Abihail
Abihu	Abihu
Abihud	Abihud
Abija	Abijah
Abijah	Abijah
Abijam	Abijam
Abijas	Abijah
Abilenia	Abilene
Abilinia	Abilene
abilyano	abilian
Abimael	Abimael
Abimelec	Abimelech
Abimelech	Abimelech
abinadab	abinad
Abinoam	Abinoam
Abiram	Aviram
Abisag	Abisag
Abisai	ABISHAI
Abisal	Abyssal
Abisalom	Abisalom
Abishag	Abishag
Abishai	Abishai
Abishua	Abishua
Abishur	Abishur
Abisua	Warning
Abisue	Abisue
Abisur	Warning
Abital	Abital
Abithal	Abithal
abito	suit
Abitob	Abitob
Abitub	Abitub
Abiu	Abiu
Abiud	Abiud
Abner	Abner
abo	those
abog	DUST
abogado	lawyer
abogadong	lawyer
abot	COMING
Abraham	Abraham
Abraham 	Abraham 
Abram	Abram
Abril	April
Abrona	Abrona
Absalom	Absalom
abubilla	hoopoe
abudilla	abudilla
abug	DUST
abuloy	donation
abusado	abused
abuso	abuse
abusuhin	abuse
abutan	overtake
abutang	something
abutin	reach
acacia	acacia
Acad	Acad
Acaico	ACHAICUS
Acaicus	Acaicus
acan	not
Acar	Acar
Acaya	Achaia
Acaz	Ahaz
Acbor	Acbor
Accad	Accad
Accaron	Accaron
Accaronneo	Accaronneo
Acces	Accession
Acco	Acco
Accub	Accub
Aceca	Aceca
Aceldama	Aceldama
Acha	Color
Achab	Ahab
Achan	Achan
Achar	To think
Achas	You think
Achaz	Ahaz
Achbor	Achbor
Achia	Let go
Achias	Achias
Achimaas	Achimaas
Achimoth	Achimoth
Achinoam	Ahinoam
Achiram	Achiram
Achiramita	Achiramita
Achis	Achis
Achitob	Achitob
Achitophel	Achitophel
Achmetta	Achmetta
Acho	I think
Achor	Achor
Achsaph	Achsaph
Achzib	Achzib
Aco	Aco
Acor	Acord
Acrabbim	Akrabbim
Acrabim	My relative
acre	acre
Acsa	Acsa
Acsaf	Acsaf
Acshaf	I will
Aczib	Achib
Ada	There is
adad	father
Adada	On the island
Adadezer	Adapter
Adaia	Adaia
Adaias	Adaías
Adalia	Adalia
Adam	Adam
Adam 	Adam 
Adama	Adam
Adami	Adami
Adamineceb	Adamineceb
Adan	Adam
Adan 	Adam 
adar	adar
Adarezer	Hadarezer
Adaya	To the island
Adbeel	Adbeel
Addan	Addan
addar	number
Addin	Addin
Addon	Addon
adhika	adhikari
adhikain	aspiration
adhikang	aspiration
Adi	Ordinary
Adiel	Adiel
Adin	Age
Adina	Age
Adino	Forgotten
Aditaim	Aditaim
Adithaim	Adithaiam
Adlai	Adlai
Adma	Adma
Admata	Admata
Admatha	Admatha
Admin	Admin
administrador	administrator
Adna	You too
Adnas	Adnas
adobe	adobe
Adon	Decoration
adonai	adonai
Adoni	Adoni
Adonia	Adonijah
adonias	adonijahs
Adonicam	Adonia
Adonijas	Adonijah
Adonikam	Adonikam
Adoniram	Adoniram
Adonizedec	Adonizedec
Adoraim	Adoraim
Adoram	They love it
Adramelec	Adramelec
Adramelech	Adrammelech
Adrameto	Adramethoate
Adramicio	Adramicion
Adramitium	Adramyttium
Adrammelech	Adrammelech
Adremelech	Adremelech
Adriatico	Adriatic
Adriel	Adriel
Adulam	Adulam
Adullam	It's just Adullam
Adullamita	Adullamita
Adumim	Adumim
Adumin	Adumin
Adummim	Adummim
Afec	affection
Afeca	Afects
Afek	Affect
Afia	Afia
Afra	Afra
Afses	Six
Agabo	Agabus
Agabus	Agabus
agad	immediately
agad 	immediately 
Agag	Agag
Agageo	Agageo
Agagita	Agagite
Agagitang	Agagite
agam	I have
agan	bro
agapan	breakfast
Agar	So that
Agareno	Agareno
Agarenos	Agarenos
agas	acts
agasan	cure
agata	agate
agaw	interpolation
agawan	competition
agawin	snatch
Age	Age
Agee	Agee
Aggi	Aggi
Aggita	Aggita
Aggith	Aggith
agham	science
agila	eagle
agilang	eagle
agimat	amulet
agos	close
Agrai	Agriculture
Agripa	Agrippa
aguila	eagle
aguilang	aguilang
Agur	Goodbye
agusan	agusan
aguwat	short distance
agwat	gap
ah	ah
aha	what
Ahab	Ahab
Ahalia	Ahalia
Ahara	Ahara
Aharhel	Aharhel
ahas	snake
Ahasbai	Ahasbai
Ahastari	Ahastari
Ahasuerus	Ahasuerus
Ahava	Ahava
Ahaz	Ahaz
Ahazia	Ahaziah
Ahazias	Ahaziah
Ahban	Ahban
ahenho	ashe
Aher	Aher
Ahi	Oh my.
Ahia	Ahia
Ahiam	Oh my God
Ahian	Ahian
Ahias	Ahijah
Ahiasaph	Ahiasaph
Ahicam	Oh, yes.
Ahicham	Ahicham
Ahiezer	Ahiezer
Ahihud	Ahihud
Ahijas	Ahijah
Ahikam	hi'kam
Ahilon	Ahilon
Ahilud	Ahilud
Ahimaas	Ahimaas
Ahimaaz	Ahimaaz
Ahiman	Ahiman
Ahimelec	Ahimelech
Ahimelech	Ahimelech
Ahimot	Ahimoth
Ahinadab	ahinadab
Ahinoam	Ahinoam
Ahio	Storm
Ahion	Ahion
Ahira	Ahira
Ahiram	Ahiram
Ahisahar	ahisahar
Ahisamac	Ahisamac
Ahisar	ahisar
Ahishahar	Ahishahar
ahit	shave
ahít	breathe
ahitan	visible
ahitin	shave
Ahitob	Ahitub
Ahitofel	Ahithophel
Ahitub	Ahitub
Ahiud	Ahiud
Ahlab	Ahlab
Ahlai	Ahlai
Ahli	Member
Aho	Me
Ahoa	Mouth
Ahohi	Ahoh
Ahohita	Ahohita
Aholiab	Aholiab
Aholibama	aholibama
ahon	I am
Ahumai	Industry
ahunan	yearly
Ahunin	The money
Ahuzam	Ahuzam
Ahuzat	Ahuzat
Ahuzath	Ahuzath
Ai	Eat
Ai 	Eat 
Aia	There are
Aias	In the garden
Aiat	Let it be
Aijalon	Aijalon
Ailon	Ailon
Aimaas	Ahimaaz
Aiman	Aiman
Aimen	Aimen
Ain	Ain
Aja	Just
Ajad	Times
Ajalon	Ajalon
ajenjo	wormwood
Akad	Contract
akala	thought
akalain	think
akalaing	thought
akalang	thought
Akan	Will
akasia	acacia
akasya	acacia
akasya 	acacia 
akasyang	acacia
akay	akay
akayin	lead
Akbor	Thank you
akda	author
Akeldama	Akeldama
aki	who
Akim	Governor
akin	mine
aking	my
Akish	Achish
akit	whom
akitin	attract
aklat	book
akma	fit
akmang	exactly
ako	I
ako 	I 
akong	my
akoy	FLOATING
akoʼt	I am
akoʼy	AKO'Y
akoʼy 	AKO'Y 
Akrabim	Akrabim
akre	sharply
aksaya	waste
aksayahan	to waste
akto	act
aktong	act
Akub	I b
akuin	assume
akuing	I admit
akusa	accusation
akusahan	CHARGED
akusasyon	accusation
akyat	climbing
akyatin	climb
akyating	climbing
ala	land
alaala	memory
alaalang	memory
alab	flame
alabastro	alabaster
alabin	ignite
alabok	dust
alaga	pet
alagaan	take care of
alagaang	care
alagad	disciple
alagang	pet
alahas	jewelry
Alai	Happy
alak	wine
alakan	cancer
alakdan	scorpion
alaki	formal
alala	worry
alalahanin	worry
alalahaning	remember
alalang	worry
alalay	support
alalayan	support
alam	know
alam 	know 
alaman	find out
alamat	address
Alamelec	Alamelec
Alamet	Omen
alamid	alamid
alamin	find out
Alammelec	Alammelec
alamo	alamo
Alamot	Alamot
Alamoth	Alamoth
alang	FOR
alangalang	for the sake of
alangang	obstacle
alanganin	to be uncertain
alapaap	cloud
alas	alas
alat	tool
alay	regiment
alayan	offer
alazan	pale
albena	bee
albon	albon
Alef	Aleph
Alejandria	Alexandria
Alejandrino	Alexandrine
Alejandro	Alejandro
Alejandrong	Alexander
Aleluya	Alleluia
Alemet	Alemet
Alemeth	Alemeth
alerses	alerses
Alexander	Alexander
Alexandria	Alexandria
Alfeo	Alpheus
Alfeus	Alfeus
algum	some
alhena	alhena
ali	but
Alia	Alia
Alian	Another
aligid	surrounding
alihan	ACQUISITION
Alihud	Alihud
alikabok	dust
alila	servant
alilang	servant
alilisan	he/she/it spoke
alimpuyo	whirlwind
alimurahin	despise
alin	Article
alindog	charm
aling	which
alingasaw	stink
alingawngaw	rumor
alinlangan	doubt
alinlanganan	doubt
alinlangang	doubtful
alinman	either
alinmang	any
alinsunod	according to
alintanang	regardless
alipato	firecracker
alipatong	he/she/it
alipi	alphabet
alipin	slave
aliping	slave
alipinin	slave
alipusta	insult
alipustain	to insult
alis	departure
alisan	remove
alisin	remove
alising	wake up
alisto	alert
alitan	conflict
alituntunin	rule
alituntuning	rule
aliw	comfort
aliwin	entertain
alkitran	tar
Allon	The screen
almas	souls
almendra	almond
almendras	almonds
almendro	almond
Almodad	Almonds
Almon	Almon
almond	almond
Almondiblataim	Almondiblataim
almug	almug
almusal	breakfast
aloe	aloe
alog	shaking
alok	offer
alon	alon
along	along
Alot	Alot
alpa	alpha
alpabetong	alphabet
alpang	harp
alpha	alpha
alpombra	carpet
alpombrang	rug
alponsigo	elevation
alsa	alsa
altar	altar
alugin	shake
alukin	offer
alulong	howl
Alun	Beginning
Alus	Good
Alva	Alva
Alvan	Alvan
alyansa	alliance
am	am
ama	or
Ama 	Or 
Amad	Amad
amag	mold
amagin	mother-in-law
amain	stepfather
amaing	amaing
Amal	Charity
Amalec	Amalek
Amalecita	Amalekite
Amalek	Amalek
Amalekita	Amalek
Amalekita 	Amalek 
Amalekitang	Amalekite
Amam	Amam
Aman	Safe
Amana	Belief
amang	father
Amaria	I would love
Amarias	Amariah
Amasa	Amasa
Amasai	Amasai
Amasang	Amasang
Amasia	Amaziah
Amasias	AMAZIAH
Amath	Amath
Amatheo	Theo
amatista	amethyst
Amaw	Father
Amazia	Amaziah
Amazias	Amaziah
amaʼt	amaʼt
amaʼy	amaʼy
ambag	contribution
ambagan	open
ambagang	ambivalent
ambon	Ambon
Amead	Amead
Amedata	Amedata
Amedatha	Amedatha
Amen	Amen
ametista	amethyst
Amfipolis	Amphipolis
ami	which
Amiel	Amiel
amihan	north wind
amihang	northern
Amihud	Friendship
amin	with
Aminadab	AMMINADAB
aming	our
aminin	admit
aminkung	aminkung
Amisabad	Amishabad
Amisadai	Amisadai
Amishadai	AmishaDai
Amitai	Amitai
Amittai	Amittai
Amiud	Ammihur
Amizabad	Amidabad
amma	but
ammah	oh my
ammi	ammi
Ammiel	Ammiel
Ammisaddai	Ammisaddai
Ammiud	Ammiud
Ammon	Ammon
ammoni	Ammon
Ammonita	Ammonite
Ammonitang	Ammonite
Amnon	Amnon
amo	amo
Amoc	Amoc
Amok	Amok
Amon	Amon
Amoreo	Amorous
Amoreong	Amoreong
Amorrheo	Amorrheo
Amos	Amos
amoy	smell
Amoz	Amoz
ampalaya	ambalaj
Ampliato	Expanded
Ampliatus	Enlarged
ampunan	forgiveness
ampuning	forgiveness
Amrafel	Amraphel
Amram	Amram
Amramita	amramita
Amraphel	Amraphel
Amsi	Amsi
amuleto	amulet
Amutal	Amutal
amuyin	smell
Amzi	Water
an	an
Ana	Cave
Anaarath	Anaarath
Anab	Grapes
Anac	Anac
Anaceo	Anaceo
Anaharat	Anaharat
Anaias	Anaiah
anak	child
anak 	child 
anakan	offspring
Anam	Somewhere
Anamelec	Anamelec
Anameo	I'm sorry
Anamim	Anonymous
Anammelech	Anammelech
Anan	Where?
anang	STUDY
Anani	What?
Anania	Anan
Ananiah	Ananiah
Ananias	Ananias
Ananim	Ananim
Anas	Anas
anat	gone
anath	anthrax
Anathoth	Anathoth
Anathothita	Anathothita
Anatot	Anathoth
Anatotias	Anatolia
anay	ours
Anaya	Anaya
andap	flicker
Andres	Andres
Andronico	Andronicus
Andronicus	Andronicus
Anem	Let's go
Aner	Other
ang	The
ang 	The 
angal	howl
angaw	million
anghel	angel
angkan	clan
angkang	clan
angkin	claim
angkinin	claim
angkla	ANCHOR
angkop	suitable
ani	years
Aniam	Aniam
anihan	harvest
anihin	harvest
anila	they
anim	six
animnapu	sixty
animnapung	sixty
animnaraan	six hundred
animnaraang	six hundred
animo	soul
aninag	reflection
aning	idea
anino	shadow
aninong	shadow
anis	anise
aniya	he said
anluwagi	carpenter
Anmiel	Anmiel
ano	again
anoano	seeds
Anob	What?
anoma	anomalous
anoman	anomalous
anomang	anything
anong	what
anopa	gives
anopat	anopat
anot	according to
anoth	anoth
anoʼy	anoy
antak	antak
antas	level
Anthothias	Anthothias
anti	anti
anticristo	Antichrist
antilope	antelope
anting	amulet
Antioc	Antioc
Antioquia	Antioquia
Antipas	Antipas
Antipatris	Antipater
antok	drowsiness
Antotia	Anthotia
anu	thingumajig
Anub	Anub
anuman	whatever
anumang	any
Anun	notice
anupa	anything else
anyaya	invitation
anyayahan	invite
anyayahang	invited
anyo	form
anyong	form
anyuan	anyuan
Aod	Aod
Apaim	Apaim
apak	musty
apakan	part
apat	four
apatnalibong	four thousand
apatnapu	forty
apatnapung	forty
apatnaraan	four hundred
apatnaraang	four hundred
apawan	what
apdo	bile
Apek	Apek
apekto	Infected
Apeles	Apeles
Aphaim	Aphaim
Apharsachita	Apharschita
Apharsacita	Apharsacitta
Apharsita	Apharsita
Aphec	Aphec
Apheca	Apheca
Aphek	Aphek
Aphia	Apia
Aphra	Aphra
Aphses	Aphses
api	api
Apia	Apia
apid	whore
apihan	oppress
apihin	oppress
aping	aping
Apio	Celery
Apis	Apis
Apius	Apius
apo	OR
apo 	OR 
Apocalipsis	Apocalypse
apog	LIME
Apolion	Apollyon
Apolonia	Apollonia
Apolos	Apollos
Apolyon	Apollyon
apong	grandson
apostol	apostle
apoy	fire
apoy 	fire 
Appio	Appius
apuhan	Scion
apurahan	scholarship
apuyan	hearth
Aquila	Aquila
Aquim	Aquim
Aquis	Waters
Ar	With
Ara	We buy
Araas	Araas
Arab	Arab
araba	car 
Arabe	Arab
Arabia	Arabia
Arabim	Arabim
Arabo	Arabic
Arabong	Arabic
Araceo	Araceo
Arachita	He did it.
Arad	Arad
Aradio	Aradio
arag	see
Arah	Directions
Araita	Arata
aral	lesson
aralan	study
aralang	study
aralin	lesson
araling	lesson
aram	aram
Aramaico	Aramaic
Aramea	Aramaic
Arameo	Aramaic
Arameong	Arameong
Aramico	Aramico
Aramita	Aramite
Aran	Aran
Arar	Searches
Ararat	Ararat
Ararita	Ararat
araro	plow
Arauna	Araunah
araw	day
araw 	day 
arawaraw	every day
arayan	Seeker
arba	or
Arbad	Arbad
Arbathita	Arbathita
Arbathonita	Arbathonita
arbel	blackboard
Arbita	Arbit
Archevita	Archevita
Archita	Archita
Ard	High
Ardita	bold
Ardon	Ardon
Areli	Areli
Arelita	Arelite
Areopagita	Areopagite
Areopago	Areopagus
Areopagus	Areopagus
Aretas	Aretas
Arfaxad	Arfaxad
Arfaxjad	Arphaxad
argamasa	mortar
argamasang	argamasang
Argob	Argob
argolya	ring
argolyang	rings
ari	working
arian	money
ariang	aria
Aridai	Aridai
Aridata	Aridata
Aridatha	Aridatha
Arie	Arie
Ariel	Ariel
ariin	own
ariing	consider
Arimatea	Arimathea
Arioc	Arioc
Arioch	Arioch
Ariok	Ariok
Ariph	Ariph
Arisai	Arisai
Aristarco	Aristarchus
Aristarcus	Aristarchus
Aristobulo	Aristobulus
Aristobulus	Aristobulus
arkanghel	archangel
Arkelaus	Arkeling
Arkeo	Ark
Arkipus	Archippus
Arkita	Arkita
arkitekto	architect
arko	see
armado	armed
armadong	armed
Armagedon	Armageddon
armas	weapons
Armoni	Harmony
Arnan	The bird
Arni	On her
Arnon	On us
Arod	Arod
Arodi	Arodi
Arodita	Arodita
Aroer	Aroer
Arorita	Arorita
Arpad	Arpad
Arphad	Arphad
Arphaxad	Arphaxad
Arquelao	Archelaus
Arquipo	Archippus
Arsa	Plot
arsenal	arsenal
Artajerjes	Artajerjes
Artaserses	Artaserses
Artaxerxes	Artaxerxes
Artemas	Artemas
Artemis	Artemis
Arubot	Arubot
Aruboth	Aruboth
aruga	care
arugang	nursing home
Arum	Arum
Aruma	Alma
Arvad	Wife
Arvadeo	Arvadeo
Arvadita	Arvadita
asa	work
Asabias	Asabias
Asael	Asahel
Asaf	Asaf
asahan	expect
Asahel	Asahel
Asaia	Asaiah
Asaias	ASAIAH
asal	origin
Asalias	Asalias
asam	sour
Asan	Easy
asang	hope
Asaph	Asaph
Asar	Asar
Asareel	Asareel
Asareela	Asareel
Asarel	Israel
Asarela	Asarela
Asarmaveth	Asarmaveth
asarol	hoe
asawa	wife
asawahin	to marry
asawang	husband
asawaʼt	asawaʼt
asawaʼy	asawaʼy
Asaya	Happy
Asbai	Asbai
asbea	asbea
Asbel	Asbel
Asbelita	Asbelita
Ascalon	Ascalon
Ascaloneo	Ascaloneo
Aschenaz	Ashenaz
Asdod	ASHDOD
Asdodeo	Asdodeo
Asdodita	Ashdodite
Asecha	Lurks
aseitunas	aseitun
Asel	Asel
Asem	Breath
Asena	Asena
Asenat	Asenath
Asenath	Asenath
Asenua	Asenua
Aser	Asher
Asera	Asher
Aserita	Arm
Aseroth	Aseroth
Ashan	Ash
Ashan 	Ash 
Ashbea	Ashbea
Ashbel	Ashbel
Ashdod	Ashdod
Ashdod 	Ashdod 
Asher	Asher
Ashera	Asherah
Ashima	Thank you
Ashkelon	Ashkelon
Ashkelon 	Ashkelon 
Ashkenaz	Ashkenaz
Ashna	Ashna
Ashpenaz	Ashpenaz
Ashtarot	Ashtaroth
Ashterot	Ashterot
Ashteroth	Ashteroth
Ashtoret	Ashtoreth
Ashur	Ashur
Ashurbanipal	Ashurbanipal
Ashuri	Ashuri
Asia	Asia
Asiang	Asiang
Asiel	Asylum
asikaso	take care
asikasuhin	take care of
asim	asim
Asima	Asthma
asin	salt
asinan	asinan
Asincrito	Asyncrite
asing	foreign
asintado	targeted
Asir	Captive
Asiria	ASSYRIA
Asiriang	Assyrian
Asirianong	Assyrian
Asisa	Asisa
Askenaz	Askenaz
Asmon	Asmon
Asmona	Asmon
asna	asna
Asnappar	Donkeys
asno	ASS
asnong	donkeys
asnoʼy	donkey
aso	day
Ason	Seven
asong	dog
Asor	Humility
Asos	Asos
asoʼy	asoʼy
aspalto	BITUMEN
Aspata	Aspata
Aspenaz	Aspenaz
Asphatha	Astaf
Asriel	Asriel
Asrielita	Asrielite
Assia	Hesse
Assir	Assyrian
Assuero	Ahasuerus
Assur	Assur
assurim	Assyrian
Astarot	Astaroth
Astaroth	Astaroth
Astarothita	Astarothita
Astarte	Astarte
Asterot	Asterot
Asthareth	Asthareth
Astharoth	Astharoth
Astoret	The Astoret
astragalo	astragalus
astrologo	astrologer
Asub	Located
asukal	sugar
asul	blue
asupre	sulfur
asupre 	sulfur 
Asur	Assyrian
Asurbanipal	Asurbanipal
Asureo	Asureo
Asurim	Assyria
asutea	to be busy
Asvat	Asvas
Asvath	Asvath
Aswan	Aswan
Asyncritus	Asyncritus
at	at
at 	at 
Atac	Attack
Atach	Attach
Atad	Atad
Atai	Or
Ataias	Athaiah
atakihin	attack
Atalia	Athaliah
Atalias	Atalias
atang	from
atangan	threshold
Atara	Door
Atarim	Atarim
Atarot	Atarot
Ataroth	Ataroth
atas	top
atay	liver
Ataya	To the father
Atenas	Athens
Ateniense	Athenian
Ater	Ater
Athach	Athlone
Athai	Athai
Athaias	Athaias
Athalia	Athaliah
Athalias	Athalias
Athanai	Athena
Athens	Athens
ati	we had
atin	ours
ating	our
Atlai	Atlai
Atonement	Atonement
atrasan	delay
atraso	delay
Atrot	Unfold
Atroth	Atroth
Attai	Attached
atubili	reluctantly
atubiling	reluctantly
atungal	roar
Augusto	Augustus
Augustus	Augustus
Auzam	We hear.
Ava	Ava
aven	aven
Aveo	Aveo
avestruz	ostrich
Avila	Avila
Avim	Sheep
Avit	Grandfather
Avita	Help
Avith	Avith
Avveo	I am going to
Aw	Oh, okay.
awa	hour
awang	sky
awatin	to stop
away	away
awayan	awayan
awayin	fight
Awen	muse
Awim	Awim
awit	song
awita	Sing
awitan	sing
awitang	PsalmsThe
awiti	awit
awitin	song
awiting	song
awtoridad	authority
Axa	Axa
Axaph	Axaph
ay	is
ay 	is 
aya	there
Ayalon	Ayalon
Ayan	There you go.
ayang	oh my
Ayat	Verse
ayaw	don't want
Ayaw 	Don't want 
Ayin	Ayin
ayoko	I don't want to
ayokong	I don't want to
ayon	according to
ayos	okay
Ayuba	Job
ayunan	swing
ayuno	fast
ayunong	fasting
ayusin	fix
aywan	aywan
Azael	Azael
azafran	saffron
Azai	Azai
Azalia	Azalia
Azalias	Azalias
Azan	Azan
Azania	Azania
Azanias	Azanias
Azarael	Azarael
Azareel	Azareel
Azarel	Azarel
Azarela	Azarel
Azaria	Azaria
Azariah	Azariah
Azariahu	Azariah
Azarias	Azariah
azarol	azarol
Azaz	That is
Azazel	Azazel
Azazia	Azazia
Azazias	Azazias
Azbuc	Alphabet
Azbuk	Alphabet
Azeca	Azeca
Azeka	Azekah
Azel	Azel
Azgad	Azgad
Aziel	Aziel
Aziza	Aziza
Azkenaz	About the last
Azmavet	Azmavet
azmaveth	azmaveth
Azmon	Azmon
Aznot	Aznot
azor	azor
Azoto	Nitrogen
Azotus	Nitrogen
Azricam	Azrikam
Azriel	Azriel
Azrikam	Azrikam
Azuba	Pour
azufre	sulfur
azul	blue
Azur	Azur
b	b
ba	not
ba 	not 
baak	beacon
baal	baal
Baala	Leaves
Baalanan	Wings
Baalat	Baalath
Baalath	Baalath
Baalathbeer	Baalathbeer
Baale	Husband
Baalhahan	Balhaan
Baali	Baali
Baalis	Police
Baalpeor	Baalpeor
Baalzebub	Baalzebub
Baalzephon	Baalzephon
Baana	Baana
Baara	Work
Baasa	Baasa
Baaseias	Base station
Baaseya	Passing
Baasha	Basha
Baasias	Baasias
baba	baba
babaakin	father
babaan	lower
bababa	go down
bababâ	lower
bababaan	go down
bababain	to lower
bababang	to descend
Bababaw	Subdued
babad	chronicle
babae	woman
babae 	woman 
babaeng	female
babaeng 	female 
babaeʼy	woman
babaga	they lived
babagabag	babybag
babagabagin	trouble
babagay	will fit
babagsak	will fall
babagsakan	will collapse
babaguhin	will be changed
babaguhin 	will be changed 
babagyo	baby
babaha	they give
babahagi	babahagi
babahagihin	will share
babahaginan	to be shared
babahain	flood
babaho	they live
babai	father
Babain	father
babaing	woman
babaka	they sent
babakahin	the end of the story
babakay	the last chapter
babakuran	the end of the story
babala	warning
babalaan	warn
babalang	warning
Babalatan	Peel
babalaʼy	Babala'y
babale	two
babalewalain	will be ignored
babaligtarin	will be reversed
babaliin	will be broken
babaliing	will break
babalik	will return
babalikan	will return
babalikang	will return
babalikwas	will turn around
babaling	will turn
babalingan	turn
babalitaan	will be informed
babalong	babalong
babalsahin	to be washed
babaluktutin	will be twisted
babalungan	will be blocked
babalutin	will be wrapped
babanalin	your father
babanggit	will mention
babanggitin	will be mentioned
babangon	will rise
babangong	rise
babanlawan	the devil
babantay	watchman
babantayan	will be guarded
babasa	will read
babasagin	fragile
babasahin	reading material
babasain	will be read
babasbasan	will be blessed
babatahin	endure
babatahing	babatahing
babatakin	baby
babati	baby
babatiin	to greet
babatikusin	will be criticized
babato	stone
babatuhin	to be stoned
babatuhing	hearing loss
babautismuhan	will be baptized
babawaan	transportation
babawalan	will be banned
babawasan	will reduce
babawasin	will be deducted
babawi	will recover
babawian	will be revoked
babawiin	will be withdrawn
babayaan	will be abandoned
babayaang	will be forgotten
babayaran	to be paid
babayarang	payable
babayuhin	to be changed
Babel	Babel
Babilonia	Babylon
Babiloniang	Babylonian
Babilonio	Babylonia
baboy	pig
babuyan	pig farm
Baca	Read
Bacbacar	Bacbacar
Bacbuc	BacbuC
Bacbucias	Bacillus
Bacut	Batut
bacuth	bacuth
Badad	Badad
badger	badger
badya	statement
badyer	badyer
bag	bag
baga	lung
bagabag	restless
bagabagin	bagabagin
bagahe	luggage
bagama	although
bagaman	although
bagamaʼt	although
bagang	molar
bagay	thing
bagay 	thing 
bagbag	wreck
baging	vine
bagkus	on the contrary
bago	new
bagong	new
bagsak	failed
bagsakan	crash
bagsik	brutality
bagtasin	traverse
bagting	string
baguhan	beginner
baguhin	change
bagumbuhay	new life
bagung	new
bagwis	wing
bagyo	storm
bagyong	Cyclone
bah	bah
baha	baha
bahaghari	bhaaghar
bahagharing	rainbow
bahagi	part
bahagihin	divide
bahaginan	share
bahaging	part
bahagya	slightly
bahagyang	slightly
bahala	take care
bahalang	take care
bahang	heat
Baharum	New
Baharumita	Baharumita
bahay	house
bahaybahay	my name
bahid	flaw
bahin	ABOUT
baho	stink
Bahurim	Bahurim
bait	bait
baitang	grade
baka	cow
baka 	cow 
bakaha	cow
bakahan	cattle
bakal	will
bakang	cause
bakante	vacancy
bakanteng	vacant
bakas	trace
bakay	goat
bakayan	bakayan
bakaʼy	baka'y
Bakbakar	Fighting
Bakbukia	Bakbukia
Bakbukuias	Bakbukiah
bakit	why
Bakit 	Why? 
bako	guest
bakobako	my name is
bakobakong	sloppy
bakod	fence
bakol	lame
bakong	not
baku	standard
bakuran	yard
bala	read
Balaam	Balaam
balaan	HOLY
balabal	cloak
Balac	Width
baladan	ballad
balag	arbor
balahibo	feather
balahibong	feather
balahong	miry
balak	plan
balakang	hip
balakid	obstacle
balakin	plan
balaking	plan
balana	magnet
balang	jar
balang 	jar 
balangkas	outline
balani	magnet
balanse	balance
balantok	balances
balaong	balloon
balat	skin
balatan	peel
balatkayong	balatkarong
balbas	beard
balbon	hairy
baldado	DISABLED
baldeng	bucket
bale	bale
baleng	bale
balewala	nothing
balewalain	ignore
bali	bali
baligtad	upside down
baligtarin	reverse
baliin	break
balik	back
balikan	return
balikat	shoulder
baling	propeller
balingan	throw
balisa	anxiety
balisang	anxious
balita	news
balitaan	newsroom
balitang	news
baliw	crazy
baliwan	crazy
balkon	balcony
balkonahe	balcony
balkonaheng	balcony
balo	backpack
balon	balloon
balong	fountain
balot	wrapped
balsa	balsa
balsam	balsam
balsamo	balm
baluktot	crooked
baluktutin	distort
balumbon	scroll
balumbong	scroll
balungan	ball
balutan	wrapping
baluti	armor
balutin	wrap
baluting	armor
balyena	whale
Bama	Bama
Bamot	Bamot
Bamoth	Bamoth
banal	holy
banalan	holy
banalang	holy
banalin	banalin
Banatin	Banatin
banayad	gentle
banda	band
bandana	bandana
bandang	around
bandehado	tray
bandehadong	tray
bandila	flag
bang	bang
banga	call
bangan	bangan
bangang	fool
bangaw	crazy
bangbang	bang bang
banggit	mention
banggitin	mention
bangin	bangin
banging	banging
bangis	ferocity
bangka	bangka
bangkang	boat
bangkay	corpse
bangko	bank
bango	they
Bangon	The wall
bangungot	nightmare
Bani	Money
banig	mat
banlik	silt
bansa	country
bansa 	country 
bansang	country
bansaʼy	bansaʼy
bansot	stunted
banta	threat
bantang	threat
bantay	guard
bantayan	watch
bantayang	watchman
bantayog	monument
bantaypinto	porter
bantog	RENOWNED
banyaga	foreign
banyagang	foreign
bao	bag
baog	barren
baon	pocket
baong	coffin
bapor	steamboat
bara	only
Barabas	Barabbas
Barabbas	Barabbas
Barac	Barak
Baracah	Baracah
Barachel	Barachel
Baraias	Baraias
Barak	Barak
Barakel	Barackel
barakilan	blessed
barako	bean
barakong	barren
barang	goods
barangay	village
Baraquel	Baraquel
Baraquias	Baraquias
baras	rod
barbaro	draw
barbero	barber
Barcos	Boats
bareta	strap
baretang	bar
Barhumita	barhumita
Baria	Baria
Barias	Barias
barko	SHIP
barkong	ship
barley	barley
barnea	inside
baro	learn
barong	baro
Barrabas	Barabbas
Barsabas	Barsabbas
Bartimeo	Bartimaeus
Bartimeus	Bartimaeus
Bartolome	Bartholomew
Baruc	Baruch
Baruch	Baruch
barya	coin
baryo	village
Barzilai	Barzillai
Barzillai	Barzillai
basa	work
basag	cracked
basagin	break
basagulero	scumbag
basagulerong	sloppy
basahan	rag
basahang	rag
basahin	read
basain	wet
basal	basal
Basan	Basan
basang	wet
basbas	blessing
basbasan	bless
basehan	BASIS
Basemat	Basemat
Basemath	Basemath
basevet	basevet
Bashan	Bashan
Bashan 	Bashan 
Bashebet	The Shebeets
basket	basket
Baslit	Baslit
baso	glass
basong	glass
basta	it just is
bastang	just
bastaʼt	bastaʼt
bastidor	frame
baston	cane
bastong	bastong
bastos	rude
basura	garbage
basurahan	trash can
basurang	trash
bat	one
bata	child
bataan	bataan
bataang	child
batad	slat
Batakin	Batakin
batalyon	battalion
Batalyong	Battalion
batambata	young man
batambatang	young
batang	young
batas	law
batay	based
batayan	basis
bath	bath
bati	to one
batid	MASTER
Batihin	Beat
batiin	greet
batik	batik
batikang	seasoned
batikbatik	mainly
bating	eunuch
batingaw	bell
batis	hit
batisan	baptism
batisang	batisang
bato	stone
batobato	little ones
batohan	rock
batok	AGAINST
batong	stone
Batrabbim	Batrabbim
Batsheba	Bathsheba
Batshua	Batshua
batu	rock
batugan	to be beaten
batugang	rock
batuha	stone
batuhan	batuhan
batuhin	stone
batulang	chicken coop
batuta	together
batya	they are afraid
baul	trunk
bautismo	baptism
bautismong	baptism
bautismuhan	baptize
Bautista	Bautista
Bavai	Bavai
Bavvai	Bavvai
bawa	bring
bawal	forbidden
bawang	onion
bawasan	reduce
bawasin	subtract
bawat	every
bawiin	withdraw
baya	behind
bayaan	statement
bayaang	let alone
bayad	FEES
bayan	behind
bayan 	behind 
bayang	shadow
bayani	solution
bayaning	hero
bayaran	payment
bayarang	pay
bayarin	bill
bayaw	brother-in-law
bayawak	lizard
bayawang	waist
baybay	bay
baybayin	coast
baybaying	coastal
Bayith	They are
bayong	bag
baytang	step
bayuhin	to grow
baywang	waist
baz	base
Bazluth	Bazluth
baʼt	baʼt
baʼy	baʼy
bdelio	bug
be	be
Bealia	Bealia
Bealias	Bealias
Bealot	Bealot
Bealoth	Bealoth
Bebai	Bebai
Becher	Becher
Becherita	Becherita
Bechora	Poor thing
Becorat	Becorat
Bedad	Bedad
Bedan	Body
Bedeias	Bedeias
bedelio	Price
Bedia	Bedia
Bedias	Bedias
bediliyum	Bedilium
Beeliada	Beeliada
Beelzebub	Beelzebub
Beelzebul	Beelzebub
beer	beer
Beera	Farm
Beeri	Farm
Beerot	Beeroth
Beeroth	Beeroth
Beerothita	Beerothita
Beerseba	Beersheba
Beersheba	Beersheba
Beestera	Beestera
behanan	behanan
behemot	behemoth
beka	scholarship
Beker	Cup
Bel	Bel
Bela	Bela
Belah	Split
Belaita	Belaita
Belam	Sorry.
beles	bells
Belial	Belial
belo	beautiful
beloʼy	beloʼy
Belsasar	Belshazzar
Belsazar	Belshazzar
Belshazar	Belshazar
Beltesazar	Belteshazzar
Belteshazar	Belteshazar
Beltsasar	Belteshazzar
Ben	Ben
Benahia	Benahia
Benaia	Benaiah
Benaias	Benaiah
Benaya	Benaya
benda	object
bendahan	treasure
bendang	rice field
Bendisyon	Blessing
Bene	Well
Benhadad	Head
Benhanan	Benhanan
Benhayil	Benhayil
Benhur	Benhur
Beninu	Beninu
Benjami	Benjamin
Benjamin	Benjamin
Benjaminita	Benjaminites
Benjaminitang	Benjaminitang
Benjamita	Benjaminites
Benjamitang	Benjamin
Benno	Benno
Bennui	Specify
Beno	Well
benob	well done
Benoni	Benoni
benot	benot
benoth	benoth
Benzoheth	Benzoate
Beon	Beon
Beon 	Beon 
Beor	Beor
Bequer	Bequer
Bera	Him/her
berac	them
Beraca	Reflect
Berachias	Berachias
Berak	They
Beraya	Celebrate Eid
Bercos	Bercos
berde	GREEN
berdeng	green
berdugo	executioner
Berea	Berea
Bereang	Bereang
Berechias	Berechias
Bered	Bered
Berekia	Berekiah
Berequias	Berekiah
Beri	Give
Beria	Beria
Beriaita	Beriaita
Berias	Beras
beril	beryl
berila	read
berilo	reading
berit	berit
Berita	News
Beriteo	Beriteau
berith	berith
bermillon	bermillon
Bernabe	Barnabas
Bernice	Bernice
Berodach	Berodach
Berot	Beroth
Berota	Beeroth
Berotai	Berotai
Berotha	Berotha
Berothai	Berothai
Berothita	Berothita
Besai	Big
Besaleel	Bezalel
Beser	Beser
beses	times
beseth	beseth
Beshet	Beshet
Besodeias	Besodeias
Besodeya	Besodeya
Besodias	Besodias
Besor	Big
bet	but
Beta	Beta
Betania	Bethany
Betel	Betel
Beten	Pray
Betesda	Bethesda
Betfage	Betfage
beth	beth
Bethania	Bethany
Bethaven	Bethaven
Bethel	Bethel
Bethen	Bethen
Bether	Bether
Bethesda	Bethesda
Bethezel	Bethezel
Bethfage	Bethfage
Bethgamul	Bethgamul
Bethia	Bethia
Bethle	Where
Bethlehem	Bethlehem
Bethlehemita	Bethlehemita
bethmaacha	bethmaacha
Bethmeon	Bethmeon
Bethmilo	Bethmilo
Bethonim	Bethoni
Bethrehob	Bethrehob
Bethsaida	Bethsaida
Bethsan	Bethsan
Bethuel	Bethuel
Bethul	Bethul
Bethzata	Bethzatha
Betlehem	Bethlehem
Betomin	Betomin
Betonim	concreting
Betsaida	Betsaida
Betsata	Betsata
Betuel	Bethuel
Betul	Correct
betun	concrete
Beulah	Beulah
Bezai	Bezai
Bezaleel	Bezalel
Bezalel	Bezalel
bezec	bezec
Bezek	Bezek
Bezer	Bezer
bibig	mouth
bibigat	heavy
bibigkasin	will be pronounced
bibigkasing	mouth open
bibigkisan	to be girded
bibiguin	to disappoint
bibigyan	will be given
bibigyan 	will be given 
bibigyang	will be given
bibihagin	bibihagin
bibihisan	to dress
bibiktimahin	victimize
bibilang	to count
bibilangan	will be counted
bibilangin	to count
bibilhin	will buy
bibili	will buy
Bibilugin	Bibilugin
bibilutin	bibilutin
bibinbinin	to see
bibinga	fragment
bibingka	rice cake
bibingkang	ear
Bibitak	Birds
bibitawan	will be released
bibitayan	to be hanged
bibitayin	to hang
bibitiwa	will be released
bibitiwan	to be released
bibiyahe	will travel
bibiyakin	follow-up
bibiyayaan	will be blessed
Bible	Bible
Biblia	Bible
Biblos	Byblos
Bichri	Bichri
Bicri	Bichri
bida	hero
Bidcar	Bidcar
Bidkar	Baths
biga	they study
biga 	they study 
bigang	rice
bigas	rice
bigat	weight
bigatin	to weigh
bigay	give
bigaykaya	bigaykaya
bighani	india
bighaning	enchanted
bigkas	pronunciation
bigkasin	pronounce
bigkis	bundle
bigkisan	gird
bigkisin	bundle
bigla	suddenly
biglaan	suddenly
biglaang	sudden
Biglain	Suddenly
biglang	suddenly
bigo	big
bigong	disappointed
Bigta	Big
Bigtan	Big
Bigtana	Big
Bigtha	Bigtha
Bigthan	Bigthan
Bigthana	Bigthan
biguin	disappoint
Bigvai	Bigvai
bigyan	give
bigyang	give
bihag	captive
bihagin	take prisoner
bihasa	skilled
bihasang	skilled
bihira	rare
Bihirang	Rare
bihis	dressed
bihisan	dress
bihisang	dressed
bikas	good-looking
biktima	victim
biktimahin	victimize
biktimang	victim
Bil	Was
Bilam	When
bilang	number
bilanggo	prisoner
bilanggong	prisoner
bilangguan	prison
bilangguang	prison
bilanghandog	as an offering
bilangin	count
bilaong	two
bilaran	bicolor
bilas	rinse
Bildad	Formed
Bileam	Balaam
Bilga	To the waist
Bilgai	Bilga
Bilha	Search
Bilham	Bilham
Bilhan	Buy
Bilhang	Number
bilhin	buy
bilig	knowledge
bilihan	buy
bilihang	buy
bilihin	buy
bilin	know
bilinan	order
biling	know
bilis	speed
bilisan	hurry up
bilog	circle
Bilsan	You know
Bilshan	Bilshan
Bimhal	bimal
Bina	Building
binaba	lowered
binabaan	lowered
binababa	lowering
binabadya	is being warned
binabagabag	troubled
binabago	changing
binabaha	flooded
binabahagi	shared
binabakayan	intended
binabakbak	being criticized
binabakuran	fenced
binabalaan	warned
binabalak	planned
binabalangkas	outlining
binabalatan	peeling
binabale	ignored
binabalewala	ignored
binabali	breaking
binabaligtad	being reversed
binabalikan	returning
Binabaliktad	Reversing
binabalot	wrapped
binabaluktok	being twisted
binabaluktot	distorted
binabanggit	mentioned
binabantaan	threatened
binabantayan	being watched
binabasa	reading
binabasag	being broken
binabasang	being read
binabasbasan	being blessed
binabata	being endured
binabatak	pulling
binabati	congratulations
binabating	greetings
binabato	being stoned
binabautismuhan	being baptized
binabawahan	being watered
Binabawi	Retracting
binabayaan	neglected
binabayaang	neglected
binabayaran	paid
binabaybay	spelled
binabayo	being driven
binagabag	troubled
binagbag	wrecked
binago	changed
binagong	revised
binagsakan	thrown down
binagyo	stormy
binahagi	shared
binahagihan	shared
binahaginan	shared
binaka	in pairs
binakayan	intended
binakbak	plate
binakbakan	paved
binaklas	dismantled
binakuran	fenced
binalaan	warned
binalaang	threatened
binalak	planned
binalantok	binalantok
binalat	building
binalatan	peeled
binale	ignored
binalewala	ignored
binali	Binali
binalian	binalian
binalik	returned
binalikan	returned
binaliktad	reversed
binalingan	turned
binalitaan	rumored
binalot	wrapped
binaltak	binals
binaluktot	twisted
binalumbon	rolled up
binalutan	wrapped
binanal	sanctified
Binanat	Stretched
binangbangan	fenced
binanggit	mentioned
binanta	threatened
binantaan	threatened
binantaang	threatened
binantayan	guarded
binantayang	guarded
binasa	read
binasag	broken
binasbasan	blessed
binata	young man
binatak	pulled
binatang	animal
binataʼt	binataʼt
binati	greeted
binatikos	criticized
binatilyo	teenager
binatilyong	teenager
binato	stoned
binautismuhan	baptized
binawaan	infected
binawalan	banned
binawas	subtracted
binawasan	reduced
binawi	withdrawn
binawian	revoked
binayaa	I am drinking.
binayaan	abandoned
binayaang	given
binayaran	paid
binaybay	spelled
binayo	paid
binayong	built
Binea	Binea
binebelatan	warned
binebendahan	for sale
binendahan	bound
bingi	deaf
bingihan	deaf
binging	binging
bingit	brink
bingwit	fishing rod
binhi	SEED
binhing	seed
binibigkas	pronounced
binibigkis	tied up
binibigkisan	girded
binibigo	being disappointed
binibigyan	given
binibigyang	given
binibihag	being held captive
binibihisan	being dressed
binibiktima	victimized
binibilang	counted
binibili	being bought
binibinbin	waiting for
Binibingwit	Fishing
binibinhian	inseminated
binibini	young lady
binibintangan	accused
binibiro	joking
binibitag	trapped
binibitawan	releasing
binibitay	being hanged
binibitiwan	released
binibiyayaan	blessed
Binighani	Binighani
binigkas	pronounced
binigkis	tied up
binigkisan	girded
binigkisang	tied up
binigo	disappointed
binigti	strangled
binigyan	given
binigyang	given
binihag	captured
binihisan	dressed
binilang	counted
Binilanggo	prisoners
binilhan	bought
binili	purchased
binilinan	ordered
biniling	purchased
binilog	rounded
binilong	wrapped
binilot	rolled up
biningot	broken
binintangan	star
biniro	joke
binisita	visited
binitag	trapped
binitay	hanged
binitiwa	broken
binitiwan	given up
binitiwang	released
biniyak	split
Binnui	Binnui
bintana	window
bintanang	window
bintang	star
bintangan	accuse
binti	daughter
binubo	poured
binubong	melted
binubuan	filled with
binububo	pouring
binubugaw	pimping
binubugbog	being beaten
binubuhat	being carried
binubuhay	revived
binubuhusan	pouring
binubuka	opening
binubukalan	springing up
binubuksan	opening
binubulabog	being disturbed
binubulay	pondering
binubulaybulay	pondering
binubungan	roofed
binubungkal	being cultivated
binubunot	being pulled out
binubuo	composed
binubusog	being fed
binudburan	sprinkled
binugbog	beaten
binuhat	CREATION
binuhay	resurrected
binuhusan	poured
Binui	Binui
binuka	opened
binukalan	spring
binukid	labor
binuklat	opened
binukod	excluded
binuksan	opened
binulabog	disturbed
binulag	blinded
binulay	consider
binuli	burnished
binulungan	whispered
binungal	shouted
binungi	deaf
binungkal	dug up
binunot	pulled out
binuntunan	raised
binuo	built
binura	deleted
binurdahan	this bird
binurdahang	embroidered
binusa	write
binusang	roasted
binusog	satiated
binutas	pierced
binutasan	pierced
biola	biola
birai	monkeys
birhen	virgin
birheng	virgin
biri	one
biro	bureau
Birsha	Birsha
biruan	joke
Birzabith	Birzabith
Birzait	Wait again
Birzavit	Birzavit
bisa	Can
bisagra	hinge
bisang	valid
Biset	Bisset
Bishlam	Bislam
bisig	arm
bisiro	colt
bisirong	kid
bisita	VISITORS
bisitahin	visit
bisitang	guest
Bislam	Hello
bisperas	eve
bisyo	vice
bitag	trap
bitak	crack
bitawan	let go
bitay	execution
bitayan	gallows
bitayang	execution
bitayin	hang
bitbit	carry
bitbitan	handle
bitbitin	carry
bithay	bithay
Bitia	Bitia
bitin	snake
bitinan	hang oneself from
Bitinia	Bithynia
Bitiwan	Leave
Bitron	Bitron
bitsuwelas	bitsuwelas
bitui	bit
bituin	star
bituing	star
bituka	intestine
biyahe	TRIPS
biyahero	traveler
biyak	split
biyanan	mother-in-law
biyanang	biyanang
biyaya	grace
biyayaan	bless
biyayang	blessed
biyayaʼy	blessing is
biyenan	mother-in-law
biyenang	mother-in-law
Biyernes	Friday
biyuda	SHE
biyudang	widow
Biziotia	Vice
Bizotia	Bizotia
Bizta	Live
Biztha	Biztha
blanquete	bleach yourself
Blasto	Blasto
Blastus	Blastus
Boanerges	Boanerges
Boaz	Boaz
Bochim	Bochim
Bochru	Bochru
Bocru	Boxing
boda	wedding
bodega	bodega
boha	god
Bohan	Bohan
boj	fight
bokado	bokado
Bokeru	Bokeru
Bokim	Book
boksingero	boxer
bola	was
boo	boo
boong	whole
Booz	Booz
Boquim	Boquim
Bor	Yes
Borasan	You are going.
bordado	embroidery
borlas	tassels
Boscat	Boscat
boses	voice
boseth	Mephibosheth
Boskat	Boscat
Bosor	Bosor
Bosra	Bosra
bota	throw
bote	bottle
botelya	bottle
boteng	presence
boundary	boundary
bowstring	bowstring
Bozcat	Kiss
bozenai	bozenai
Bozez	Bozez
Bozkat	Vote
boznai	from Bozna
Bozra	Bozrah
braso	arm
brick	brick
brik	piece
brilyante	diamond
Bubastis	You are a buffalo.
bubog	glass
bubong	roof
bubot	pull
bubudburan	sprinkled
bubuga	to blow
bubugaw	pimp
bubugsong	bubugsong
bubuhat	will carry
bubuhatin	will be carried
Bubuhatin 	To be carried 
bubuhay	will live
bubuhayin	will be revived
bubuhaying	will be resurrected
bubuhos	will pour
bubuhusan	will be poured
bubuin	bubuin
bubukal	to open
bubukang	opening
bubukas	opens
bubukhin	babuhin
bubukirin	the first
bubuksan	will open
bubulagin	bubulagin
bubulagta	bubulagta
bubulayin	will reflect
bubuli	bubblegum
bubulong	whisper
bubungan	roof
bubungang	roof
bubungiin	contact me
bubungkalin	to till
bubungkaling	will be cultivated
bubunutin	to be plucked
buburahin	will be deleted
buburdahan	porridge
bubusalan	gag
bubusugin	will be satisfied
bubutas	bubutas
bubutasan	turning
bubuti	will improve
bubuwis	taxed
bubuwit	mouse
bubuyog	bee
bubwit	owl
Bucbucias	Bucbucias
Bucci	Bucci
Buccia	Peel
Bucita	Buchita
budhi	conscience
budhing	conscience
bugal	lump
Bugawin	Bugawin
bugbog	bruise
bugbugin	beat
bughaw	blue
bugnutin	irritable
bugso	gust
bugtong	riddle
buhangin	sand
buhanginan	sand
buhanginang	sandy
buhanging	sand
buhat	Acts
buhatan	OFFICE
buhatin	lift
buhawi	tornado
buhawing	tornado
buhay	life
buháy	alive
buhay 	life 
buháyat	life and
buhayin	activate
buhaying	revive
buhok	hair
buhol	knot
buhos	pour
buhusan	pour
buitre	vulture
buka	open
bukahin	open
bukal	spring
bukalan	opening
bukambibig	proverb
bukana	open
bukang	open
bukas	tomorrow
bukás	downfall
bukbok	decay
bukhin	bukhin
Buki	Feast
Bukia	Bugia
Bukias	Bukias
bukid	farm
bukid 	farm 
bukiran	farmland
bukiri	still
bukirin	farm
bukiring	rural
buklod	bond
buko	node
bukod	apart
bukol	lump
bukong	ankle
bukongbukong	ankle
buksan	open
buktot	wicked
bukung	ankle
bukurin	beauty
Bul	Beside
bula	open
bulaan	bulaan
bulaang	false
bulag	blind
bulagan	blind
bulagin	blind
bulak	boiling
bulaklak	flower
bulang	open
bulas	leaflets
bulay	meditation
bulayan	meditate
bulayin	think about
bulok	rotten
bulong	whisper
bulongbulungan	whisper
bulsa	pocket
bulubundukin	mountainous
bulubunduking	mountainous
bulung	rumor
bulungan	whisper
bulungbulong	murmurings
bulungbulungan	feathered
bulwagan	hall
bulwagang	hall
bumaba	go down
bumabâ	bumaba
bumababa	descending
bumababang	descending
bumabagabag	disturbing
bumabagal	slowing down
bumabago	changing
bumabagsak	falling
bumabagyo	stormy
bumabagyong	stormy
bumabaha	flooding
bumabaho	stinks
bumabaka	messages
bumabakay	planning
bumabakod	fence
bumabali	breaking
bumabalik	returning
bumabaling	turning
bumabalot	enveloping
bumabaltak	staggering
bumabanal	sanctifying
bumabang	turn
bumabangon	getting up
bumabangong	rising
Bumabantay	Watching
bumabaon	sinking
bumabarkada	selling
bumabasa	reading
bumabasag	breaking
bumabatak	stretching
bumabati	wishes
bumabato	throwing stones
bumabautismo	baptizing
bumagabag	to disturb
bumago	change
bumagsak	fall
bumagtas	traverse
bumaha	flood
bumahagi	share
bumahin	sneeze
bumahing	sneeze
bumaho	stink
bumaka	fight
bumakay	ambush
bumali	change
bumalik	return
bumaling	turn around
bumalong	to scold
bumalot	wrap
bumangga	collided
bumanggit	mention
bumangon	get up
bumangong	get up
bumaon	sink
bumasa	read
bumasbas	bless
bumati	greet
bumato	throw stones
bumautismo	bumautism
bumawi	recover
bumibihag	captivating
bumibiktima	victimizing
bumibilang	counting
bumibili	buyer
bumibitag	trap
bumibiyahe	traveling
bumigat	become heavier
bumigkas	pronounce
bumihag	captivate
bumiktima	natives
bumilang	count
bumili	buy
bumiling	buy
bumilog	round
bumisita	visit
bumitak	crack
bumiyahe	travel
bumiyak	split
bumubo	to swell
bumubuga	blowing
Bumubugang	Blowing
bumubugbog	beating
bumubugso	gusting
bumubugsong	pouring down
bumubuhat	lifting
bumubuhay	reviving
bumubuhos	pouring
bumubuka	opening
bumubukal	springing up
bumubukid	peasant
bumubula	bubbling
bumubulag	blinding
bumubulang	bubbling
bumubulong	whispering
bumubuluwak	gushing
bumubuo	forming
bumubusog	filling
bumubuti	improving
bumuga	blow
bumugaw	shoo
bumugbog	beat
bumugso	burst
bumuhat	lift
bumuhay	revive
bumuhos	pour down
bumuka	open up
bumukal	bloom
bumukas	open
bumula	blush
bumulabog	to erupt
bumulalas	exclaim
bumuluwak	gulp
bumulwak	gushes out
bumunot	pull out
bumuo	build
bumutas	boom
bumuti	improve
bumuwal	earthworm
bumuwis	earth
Buna	To this
bunbunan	roof
bunbunang	roof
bundok	mountain
bundukin	gun
bunga	flower
bungad	opening
bungalan	extract the teeth of
bungalin	bungalow
bungang	fruit
bunganga	mouth
bungangera	mouthpiece
bungangerang	flower
bungangkahoy	fruit
bungi	abundance
bungiin	to the bungee
bungkal	nugget
bungkalin	dig
bungkos	bunch
bungo	skull
buni	this
Bunni	Brown
bunot	pulled out
bunso	youngest
bunsod	first
bunsong	youngest
buntis	pregnant
bunton	bunton
buntonbunton	buntonbunton
buntong	pile
buntot	tail
buntunan	deadlock
bunutin	pull out
bunyi	sound
buo	whole
buod	summary
buong	whole
burahin	erase
burak	Buraq
burda	here
burdado	embroidered
burdadong	embroidered
burdahan	embroidery
burdang	burdang
buril	burin
burol	hill
busabos	busabos
busal	gag
busilak	pure
buslo	suitcase
busog	full
busugin	fill up
butas	hole
butasan	hole
buti	good
butihing	good
butiki	lizard
butil	grain
buting	good
butlig	rash
buto	bone
butong	bone
butoʼt	butoʼt
butsi	booty
butter	butter
buwa	speak
buwal	fallen
buwan	month
buwanan	monthly
buwanang	monthly
buwang	month
buwaya	crocodile
buwayang	crocodile
buwig	bunch
buwis	tax
buwisan	rented
buwitre	vulture
Buz	Ice
Buzi	Kisses
Cabon	Carbon
Cabseel	Cabseel
Cabul	Obscene
Cabzeel	Cabzeel
Cademoth	Cademoth
cades	you will fall
Cadmiel	Cadmiel
Cadmoneo	Cadmoneo
Caftor	Caftor
Caftoreo	Coffee growing
Caftorim	Caftorion
Caifas	Caiaphas
cain	cain
Cainan	Cainan
Cala	Cala
Calah	Calah
calamo	reed
calcedonia	chalcedony
Calchol	Calcareous
Calcol	Calculation
Caldea	Chaldea
Caldeo	Chaldean
Caldeong	Caldeong
caldera	caldera
Cale	way
Caleb	Caleb
calf	calf
Callai	Callai
Calne	Calne down
Calneh	Calneh
calno	calno
Camaam	Amaam
Camon	Camon
Camuel	Camuel
Cana	Cana
Canaa	Canaan
Canaan	Canaan
Canaan 	Canaan 
Canaana	Condemn
Canaanita	Canaanite
Cananea	Canaanite
Cananeo	Canaanite
Cananeong	Cananeong
Candace	Candace
Cane	Cane
Canneh	Canneh
Capadocia	Cappadocia
Capadosia	Cappadocia
Capernaum	Capernaum
Caphira	Capharna
Caphtor	Captor
Caphtorim	Caphtorim
car	car
Caran	Sometimes
Carca	hatch
Carcas	Carcass
Carchemis	Carchemish
Carcor	Carcor
Carea	Care
Carit	Carit
Cariteo	Cariteo
Carkemish	Carchemish
Carmel	Carmel
Carmelita	Carmelite
Carmelo	Carmelo
Carmi	Carmi
Carmita	Carmita
carnaim	carnival
Carpo	Carpus
Carpus	Carpus
Carquemis	Carchemish
Carsena	Carsena
Carshena	Carshena
Carta	Paper
Cartan	Artan
Casifia	Casiphia
Casipia	Casipia
casis	chassis
Caslu	Caslu
Casluh	Casluh
Casluhim	Blue
Casluim	Casluim
castilyo	castilyo
Catah	Catah
Catan	Catan
Catat	Note
Cauda	Cauda
cebada	barley
Ced	Ced
Cedar	Cedar
Cedema	Permissive
Cedemoth	Cedemoth
Cedes	You yield
Cedma	Cedma
Cedmoneo	Cedmoneo
cedro	cedar
Cedron	Cedron
Ceelata	Ceel
Ceelatha	Well
Cefas	Cephas
Cefira	Cephira
Ceila	Ceila
Celita	Intended
Celub	Purpose
Cemos	Cemos
Cenath	Cenath
Cenaz	Funeral
Cencrea	Cencrea
Ceneceo	Cenecio
Cenez	Cenez
Cenezeo	Cenezeo
Cenizeo	Cenizeo
Cephar	Cephar
Cephira	Cephira
Cerera	Cerera
Ceretheo	Ceretheo
Ceros	Zeros
Cesar	Cesar
Cesarea	Caesarea
Cesiah	Cesiah
Cesil	Cecil
Cesion	Assignment
Cethura	Cethura
cetro	scepter
Cetura	Cetura
chakal	jackal
Cham	Cham
Chanaana	Canaan
chariot	chariot
Charmi	Charmi
Chasluim	Chasluim
Chebar	Chebar
Chedemoth	Chedemoth
Chedes	Chedes
Chedorlaomer	Chedorlaomer
Cheleal	Cheleal
Chelion	Chelion
Chelubai	Chelubai
Chelud	Chelud
Cheluhi	Cheluhi
Chemarim	chemarims
Chemos	Chemos
Chemuel	Chemuel
Chenaana	Chenaana
Chenani	Wait.
Chenania	Chenania
Chenanias	Chenanias
Chenas	Chenas
Chenaz	Chenaz
Chephira	Chephira
Chephra	Chephra
Cheran	Cheran
Chereteo	Chereteo
Cherioth	Cherioth
Cheriothhesron	Cheriothhesron
Cherith	Cherith
Cheros	Cheros
Cherub	Cherub
Chesalon	Chesalon
Chesed	Chesed
Chesulloth	Chesulloth
Chezib	Draw
Chidon	Chidon
Chileab	Chileab
Chilmad	Chilmad
Chimenea	Chimney
chimham	chimham
Chio	Chio
Chipre	Cyprus
Chir	Kir
Chiriat	Kiriath
Chiriataim	kiriathaim
Chiriath	Kiriath
Chiriathaim	Kiriathaim
Chiriathjearim	Kiryat-jearim
Chisi	Cheese
Chisiloth	Shiloh
Chision	Chision
Chislev	Chislev
Chislon	Chislon
Chislu	Numbers
Chithim	Chithim
Chitlis	Chitlis
Chitron	Chitron
Chittim	Chittim
Chodes	Chodes
Cholhoce	Cholhoce
Chonanias	Conaniah
Chorasan	Chorasan
chotacabras	chotacabras
Chozeba	Chozeba
Chub	Chub
Chun	To
Chus	Chus
Chusan	Kiss
Chusi	Chusi
Chuza	Chuza
ciguena	ciguena
Cilicia	Cilicia
cimbalo	cymbal
cimiento	foundation
Cina	China
Cineo	Cinema
Cineong	Cineong
Cineret	Ashes
Cinereth	Cinereth
Cinido	Cinido
Cinneret	Ashes
Cinnereth	Cinnereth
Cinneroth	Cinneroth
cipres	cypress
Cir	Cir
Cirene	Cyrene
Cireneo	Cyrenean
Cirenio	Cyrenius
Cireo	Cyreus
ciriataim	kiriatim
Ciriathaim	Kiriathaim
Ciro	Cyrus
Cis	Cis
Cision	Cision
Cison	Cison
Cittim	Citizen
Clauda	Claude
Claudia	Claudia
Claudio	Claudio
Claudius	Claudius
clay	clay
Clement	Clement
Clemente	Clemente
Cleopas	Cleopas
Cloe	Chloe
Clopas	Clopas
Cnidus	Cnidus
Co	Co
Coa	With
Coat	Coat
Coath	Kohath
Coathita	Coathita
Coatita	Coatita
Col	Col
Colaias	Colaías
colchon	mattress
Colhoze	Collective farms
Colias	Colias
Colosas	Colossians
coltsong	coltsong
comino	cumin
Conania	Conania
Conanias	Cononiah
coneho	someone
Conias	Conias
Coos	Coos
cor	cor
Cora	Cora
Corah	Pattern
Coraita	Coraita
coral	coral
Corazin	Chorazin
Corban	Corban
cordero	cordero
Core	Core
Corinto	Corinth
Corita	Corita
Cornelio	Cornelius
Cornelius	Cornelius
corneta	horn
Cos	Cos
Cosam	What am I?
Coz	Coz
Cozbi	Cozbi
Cozeba	Cozeba
cp	cp
Crescente	Growing
Cresens	Cresens
Cresente	Cresente
Creta	Crete
Crete	Crete
Cretense	Cretan
crisolito	chrysolite
crisopasio	chrysoprase
Crispo	Crisp
Crispus	Crisp
cristal	glass
Cristiano	Cristiano
Cristianong	Christian
cristo	Christ
Cristong	Christ
Cristoʼy	Cristoʼy
Cro	Cro
Cuarto	Room
cubits	cubits
cueba	cueba
culantro	coriander
cumi	ten
Cun	With
Cus	Cus
Cusa	Stuff
Cusai	Cusai
Cusaias	Kushaiah
Cusan	A kiss
Cush	Cush
Cushan	Cushan
Cushanrishataim	Cushanrishataim
Cushi	Cushi
Cusi	So that
Cusita	Cusita
Cuta	Disease
Cutha	Reduce
Cuza	Cuza
Cyprus	Cyprus
Cyrene	Cyrene
Cyrus	Cyrus
daa	leave
daan	road
daanan	passage
daanang	path
daandaan	this is a joke
daang	hundred
daanin	pass
Dabbeseth	Dabbeseth
Daberat	Heavy
Dabereth	Dabereth
Dabeset	Dabeset
Dabeshet	Dabeshet
Dabrath	Dabrath
dacer	dacer
dadaan	will pass by
dadaanan	to pass by
dadaanin	will pass by
dadaganan	chest
dadagdagan	will be added
dadagit	dadagit
dadagsa	will flood
dadagsain	will be added
Dadagukan	Suddenly
dadagundong	will thunder
dadahas	dadahas
dadahasin	thank you
Dadai	Dad
dadaigin	one-sided
dadaing	dadaing
dadaiti	dadaiti
dadakila	will be exalted
dadakilain	will be exalted
dadakot	will be taken
dadakpin	dadakpin
dadalahin	to be brought
dadalamhatiin	to be grieved
dadalangin	will pray
dadalanginang	will pray
dadalasan	frequent
dadalaw	will visit
dadalawa	two
dadalawang	two
dadalawin	to visit
dadalhan	to be brought
dadalhin	will be brought
dadalhing	will be taken
dadalisayin	dadalisayin
dadalo	attendee
dadaloy	will flow
dadaluhong	will rush
dadaluhungin	to rush
dadaluyan	flow
dadamay	will be involved
dadamayan	will sympathize
dadami	will increase
dadaming	will increase
dadamitan	to wear
dadampot	will pick up
dadamputin	will be picked up
dadanak	will be spilled
dadanas	dadanas
dadanasin	will suffer
dadapo	will land
dadating	will come
dadatnan	to arrive
dadaya	dadaya
dadayain	to be deceived
daga	from
dagang	trade
dagat	sea
dagatan	sea
dagatang	sea
dagatdagatan	ocean
dagatdagatang	ocean
dagdag	extra
dagdagan	increase
dagdagnaikalimang	extra fifth
dagitin	these are the
dagliang	suddenly
dagling	quickly
dagok	blow
dagon	dagon
dagukan	chin up
dagundong	roar
dahan	slowly
dahandahan	slowly
dahang	slowly
dahas	violence
dahasin	really
dahil	because
dahila	because
dahilan	reason
dahilan 	reason 
dahilang	reason
daho	genius
dahon	LEAVES
dahong	leaf
dahop	very poor
daig	defeated
daigdig	world
daigdigan	worldly
daigin	overcome
daing	moan
dakila	great
dakilain	exalt
dakilang	great
dako	GREAT
dakong	GREAT
dakot	handful
dakpin	arrest
dakutin	grasp
dal	from the
dala	carried
daladalahan	indifference
daladalahang	in the background
daladalang	indifference
daladalawa	dollar dollar
dalaga	young woman
dalagang	young woman
dalagaʼt	dalagaʼt
dalagaʼy	dalaga'y
dalagita	girl
dalagitang	girl
dalahan	luggage
dalahin	carry
dalahing	baby
dalamhati	grief
dalamhatiin	you are beautiful
dalampasigan	beach
dalang	carrying
dalangi	mastermind
dalangin	prayer
dalanginan	pray
Dalanging	Mastermind
dalanginin	mastermind
dalas	frequency
dalaw	visit
dalawa	two
dalawampu	twenty
dalawampung	twenty
dalawandaan	two hundred
dalawandaang	two hundred
dalawang	two
dalawangdaang	two hundred
dalawangpu	twenty
dalawangpung	twenty
dalawaʼt	two
dalawaʼy	two
dalawin	visit
dalaʼy	dalaʼy
Daleth	Daleth
Dalfon	Dalfon
dalhan	bring
dalhin	bring
Dalhin 	Bring 
dalhing	bring
dali	easiness
dalian	dalian
dalidali	hurry
dalidaling	quickly
Dalila	Delilah
daling	quickly
daliri	finger
daliring	finger
dalisay	pure
dalisayan	refine
dalisayin	purify
Dalmacia	Dalmatia
Dalmanuta	Dalmanuta
Dalmatia	Dalmatia
dalos	haste
daloy	flow
Dalphon	Dalphon
dalubhasa	expert
dalubhasang	expert
daluhong	assault
daluhungin	slander
dalus	careless
daluyan	medium
daluyong	wave
damal	tired
Damaris	Damaris
Damasco	Damascus
Damascong	Damascong
Damascus	Damascus
Damasko	Damascus
damayan	support
dambana	shrine
dambanang	shrine
dambuhala	monster
dambuhalang	gigantic
damdam	feeling
damdami	feeling
damdamin	feelings
damdaming	feelings
dami	quantity
damihan	increase
Damim	Damim
daming	a lot
damit	with it
damit 	with it 
dammim	dammit
damo	grass
damong	grass
dampa	hut
damtan	CLOTHE
damuhan	lawn
damuhang	grassy
dan	And
Dan 	And 
Dana	Day
danasin	to suffer
Daneo	I am Danish.
dangal	dangal
Dangan	Dangan
dangang	relative
dangkal	shallow
Daniel	Daniel
Danita	Danita
Danna	Click
daong	ship
daongan	the road
daongang	daongang
dapat	can
dapat 	can 
dapit	SITES
dapuan	perch
Dara	Good
daraan	bad
daraanan	to pass
daraang	passing
daragdagan	will increase
daragsa	An abundance
daraing	oak
darakpin	Darakpin
daramdamin	will be emotional
darami	gifts
daramtang	daramtang
daramtin	honor
daranas	will suffer
daranasin	will suffer
daratal	dartal
darating	coming
daratnan	to be visited
daratnin	land
Darcon	Darcon
Darda	In trouble
dariko	from the
darikong	daric
Dario	Dario
Darius	Darius
dasal	prayer
Datan	Data
datapuwa	but
datapwat	however
Dathan	Colors
dati	data
datihang	formerly
dating	dating
datiʼy	datiʼy
datnan	come here
datnin	to put
daungan	port
daungang	port
daup	dauphin
David	David
daw	it seems
dawag	thistle
dawagan	this morning
daya	one
dayaan	follow
dayain	deceive
dayami	dayami
dayaming	straw
dayuhan	foreigner
dayuhang	foreign
de	of
Dead	Dead
debar	throb
debate	debate
debateng	debate
debatista	debater
Debir	Debir
Debora	Debora
debotong	devout
Debri	Debris
Decapolis	Decapolis
Dedan	Closed
Dedaneo	Dedaneus
Dehaita	Dehaita
Dehuel	Deuel
Deker	Decker
dekorasyon	decoration
dekorasyong	decoration
Delaia	Delaiah
Delaias	Delaias
Delaila	Delilah
Delaya	Delaya
Delikado	dangerous
delikadong	dangerous
Delilah	Delilah
Demanda	Demand
Demas	Demas
Demetrio	Demetrius
Demetrius	Demetrius
demonio	devil
demoniong	demoniong
demonyo	demon
demonyong	demonic
demoth	demoth
denario	DENARIUS
denariong	denariong
denarius	denarius
depekto	defect
depende	depends
depensa	defense
deposito	deposit
dequer	dequer
Derbe	Rude
descendant	descendant
desidido	determined
desididong	determined
desisyon	decision
desisyong	decision
desperadong	desperate
detalyado	detailed
detalye	specification
determinado	determined
Deu	It gave
Deuel	Deuel
Deut	Deut
di	Of
diablo	diablo
diadema	diadem
diademang	diademang
diakono	deacon
diakonos	deacons
diamante	diamante
diamanteng	diamanteng
Diana	Diana
dibdib	chest
dibisyon	division
dibisyong	division
Dibla	Dibla
Diblah	Diblah
Diblaim	Diblaim
Diblat	Diblat
diblataim	diblathaim
diblathaim	dark
Dibon	Fake
Dibri	Dibri
dibuho	DRAWING
dibuhong	sketch
Dicla	Speak
didigmain	didigmain
didikdikin	educate
didikdiking	beat them
didilaan	to lick
didilat	open
didilidilihin	to ponder
didilig	watered
Didiligan	Watering
didiligin	to be watered
didilim	dark
Didimo	Didymo
Didimus	Didymus
didinggin	will be heard
didingging	on the edge
didinig	great
didiretso	directly
didisiplinahin	will be disciplined
Difat	Difat
digma	war
digmaa	war
digmaan	war
digmaan 	war 
digmaang	war
digmain	digmain
Dignidad	Dignity
diin	WHERE
dikdik	educated
Dikdikin	Grind
dike	does
dikit	little
Dikla	Dikla
diktahan	dictate
dila	tongue
dilag	beauty
Dilan	Dylan
dilang	tongue
dilat	wide open
dilaw	yellow
dilaʼy	dilaʼy
Dilean	Dilean
dili	not
dilidili	tongue tongue
dilidilihin	tonguedilihin
dilig	water
diligan	hose
diligin	water
dilim	dark
Dimna	Dimna
Dimon	Dimon
Dimona	Dimona
din	FROM
Dina	ignoble
dinaan	passed by
dinaanan	passed by
Dinaba	Dinaba
dinadaan	passing by
dinadaanan	passing through
dinadagdagan	being added
dinadagukan	pounding
dinadahilan	excused
dinadaig	being overcome
dinadakila	exalted
dinadala	being carried
dinadalamhati	grieving
dinadalang	being carried
dinadalanginan	prayed for
dinadalaw	being visited
dinadalhan	being brought
dinadalisay	being refined
dinadaluhong	being rushed
dinadaluyan	flowing
dinadamayan	sympathize
dinadamitan	dressed
dinadapuan	perched
dinadaya	being deceived
Dinadayo	Traveling
dinagdagan	added
dinagsa	crowded
dinagukan	snorted
dinahas	ravished
dinaig	defeated
dinaingan	dinaingan
Dinaita	dinaita
dinakila	exalted
dinakip	arrested
dinaklot	snatched
dinala	brought
dinalamhati	grieved
dinalang	brought
dinalaw	visited
dinalhan	brought
dinalisay	purified
dinaluhan	attended
dinaluhong	visited
dinamayan	sympathized with
dinamdam	felt
dinami	dynamic
dinamitan	dressed
dinampot	picked up
dinamtan	clothed
dinanas	suffered
dinapaan	fell over
dinapuan	visited
dinaraana	dinar
dinaraanan	passing through
dinaragdagan	being added
dinaramdam	felt
dinaramit	dinaramit
dinaramtan	dressed
dinaranas	suffering
dinaratnan	dinarratnan
dinatnan	visited
dinaya	cheated
dinayang	cheated
dinayo	moved
dinding	wall
ding	ding
dingas	missing
dingding	dingding
dingdingan	curtain
dinggi	dinghy
dinggin	listen
Dinhaba	Dinhaba
dini	religious
dinidikdik	grinding
dinidilaan	being licked
dinidilig	being watered
dinidiligan	being watered
dinidinig	being heard
dinidios	dinidios
dinidisiplina	being disciplined
dinidiyos	deified
dinig	heard
dinigma	war
dinikdik	squeamish
dinilaan	licked
dinilig	watered
diniligan	watered
Diningdingan	From Dindingan
diningig	diningig
dininig	heard
dinirinig	heard
dinisiplina	disciplined
dinoble	doubled
dinodoble	dinodoble
dinudugo	bleeding
dinudulutan	inflicted
dinudumihan	polluted
dinudumog	crowded
dinudungisan	defiled
dinuduro	being pointed at
dinudurog	crushed
dinudusta	slandered
dinuduwahagi	being ridiculed
dinugtungan	connected
dinukit	carved
dinukot	kidnapped
dinulutan	covered
dinumhan	dinumhan
dinumihan	polluted
dinumog	crowded
dinungaw	looked at
dinungisan	defiled
dinuraan	spat on
dinurog	crushed
dinusta	from the din
dinuwahagi	served
Dionisio	Dionysus
Dionisius	Dionysius
dios	God
dios 	God 
diosa	goddess
diosan	diosan
diosan 	diosan 
diosang	diosang
diosdiosan	idol
diosdiosang	idols
Diotrefes	Diotrephes
dipa	dipa
diper	in
direksiyon	steering wheel
direksyon	direction
direktor	director
Diretso	Straight
dirigma	war
diringgin	to be heard
Disan	Ten years
disenyo	design
disenyong	design
Dishan	Dishan
Dishon	Dishon
disi	Quite
disin	design
dising	in the middle
disintirya	disintirya
disiplina	discipline
disiplinado	disciplined
Disiplinahin	Discipline
diskusyon	discussion
dislocated	dislocated
Dison	Dishonored
distansya	distance
distrito	district
distritong	district
Disyembre	December
disyerto	desert
disyertong	desert
dito	here
dito 	here 
ditong	here
ditoʼy	dito'y
diumano	allegedly
diwa	spirit
diwang	spirit
diya	diya
diyablo	devil
Diyablong	Devil
diyamante	diamond
diyamanteng	diamond
diyan	there
diyang	there
diyata	diyata
diyos	god
diyosa	goddess
diyosan	goddess
diyosang	goddess
diyus	god
Dizahab	Dizahab
Dizon	Dizon
do	do
doble	double
doblehin	duplicate
dobleng	duplicate
Dobrath	Dobrath
Dodai	Dodai
Dodanim	Added
Dodava	Add
Dodavahu	Delivery
Dodo	Dodo
dodoble	double
dodoon	talk
Doeg	Doeg
Dofca	Dofca
Dofka	Dofka
doktor	doctor
doktrina	DOCTRINE
dokumento	DOCUMENTS
Dokumentong	Document
dolphin	dolphin
donkey	donkey
donselya	maiden
doo	doo
doon	there
doon 	there 
doong	there
doorpost	forwarding mail
dooʼy	dooʼy
Dophca	Dophca
dor	pain
Dorcas	Dorcas
doroon	there
doroong	there
dose	dose
Dotan	Dotan
dote	dote
Dothan	Dothan
dragon	dragon
dragon 	dragon 
dragong	dragon
Dribi	Dribi
dromedario	dromedary
Drusila	Drusilla
duda	doubt
dudugo	bloody
dudukitin	sit down
dudukot	snatch
dudukutin	to kidnap
dudulog	come to
dudulutan	next
dudumhan	this is a joke
dudumi	dirty
dudumihan	to contaminate
dudumugi	bruise
dudungisan	undercover
duduraan	scold
dudurog	crush
dudurugin	to crush
duduruging	crushed
duduwahaginin	the building
dugo	blood
dugong	blood
dugtong	connection
dugtungan	joint
dugtungin	connect
duguan	bloody
duguang	bloody
dukha	poor
dukhang	poor
dukitin	they appear
dulaan	theater
dulang	tray
dulas	slippery
dulo	end
dulong	far
dulot	caused
duluhan	border
duluhang	border
dulutan	lead
Duma	Duma
dumaan	pass by
dumaang	pass by
dumadaan	passing by
dumadaang	passing by
dumadaaʼy	passing by
dumadagan	running
dumadagit	dummies
dumadagundong	thundering
dumadaig	dumadaig
dumadaing	moaning
dumadaiti	dumadaiti
dumadakila	dumadakila
dumadakma	grasping
dumadakot	grabbing
dumadalamhati	dumadalamhati
dumadalangin	praying
dumadalaw	visiting
dumadaldal	babbling
dumadalo	attending
dumadaloy	flowing
dumadaluhong	rushing
dumadaluyong	surging
dumadamba	dumadamba
dumadami	increasing
Dumadanak	Spilling
dumadapa	stumbling
dumadapo	perching
dumadating	arriving
dumadaya	dummied
dumadayo	visiting
dumagsa	flock
dumagsang	flock
dumagundong	thunder
Dumah	Dumah
dumaig	dumaig
dumaing	complain
dumakila	grow up
dumakilang	grow up
dumakip	catch
dumakot	grab
dumal	come
dumalaga	to be a maid
dumalagang	female
dumalamhati	dumalamhati
dumalangin	pray
dumalanging	pray
dumalaw	visit
dumalisay	destroyed
dumalo	attend
dumalong	attend
dumaloy	flow
dumaluhong	rush
dumamay	sympathize
dumami	increase
dumami 	increase 
dumaming	increase
dumampi	touch
dumampot	pick up
dumanak	to spill
dumanas	suffered
dumaong	land
dumapa	fall down
dumapit	come
dumapo	land
Dumapong	Arrived
dumaraa	pass by
dumaraan	passing by
dumaraang	passing by
dumaragsa	flock
dumaragsang	overflowing
dumaraing	moan
dumarami	increasing
dumaranas	suffering
dumaratal	to appear
dumarating	arriving
dumatal	come
dumating	come
Dumating 	Arrived 
dumaya	collapsing
dumedede	I'm sorry.
dumi	warm
dumidikit	sticking
dumidilig	watering
dumidilim	it gets dark
dumidinig	listen
dumidisiplina	disciplining
dumigma	dumigma
dumihan	to defecate
dumikit	stick
dumilat	open your eyes
dumilig	water
dumilim	darken
duming	dirty
duminig	listen
dumiretso	go straight
dumirinig	listening
dumito	come here
dumoon	be there
dumoong	arrive
dumudoon	be there
dumudugong	bleeding
dumudukot	kidnapping
dumudulas	sliding
dumudulog	approaching
dumudurog	crushing
dumudusta	slanderer
dumuduwahagi	mocking
dumukot	kidnap
dumulas	slip
dumulog	resort
dumumi	defecate
dumungaw	look out
dumungis	defile
dumunong	wise
dumura	Dumur
dumurog	crush
dumurunong	wise
dumuwahagi	warm
dumuwahaging	to be divided
dungawan	window
dungawang	window
dungis	hired
dungisan	defile
dunong	wisdom
dupong	dupong
dura	dura
duraan	previously
durog	crushed
durug	periphery
durugin	crush
duruging	Crush
durungawan	window
durungisan	purity
durunong	wise
dusa	carried
dustai	dustai
duwag	coward
duwahagi	coordinator
duyan	Hearing
E	AND
Ebal	Ebal
ebanghelista	Evangelist
ebanghelistang	evangelist
ebano	ebony
Ebed	Eternity
Eben	Even
Ebenezer	Ebenezer
Eber	Eber
Eber 	Eber 
Ebes	Ebes
Ebez	Ebez
Ebiasaf	Ebiasaph
ebidensya	evidence
Ebron	Ebro
Ecbatana	Ecbatana
Ecc	Here it is
Ecron	Ekron
Ecronita	Ecronita
ed	ed
edad	age
eden	who
Eder	It is worth
edom	edom
Edomeo	Edomite
Edomita	Edomite
Edomitang	Edomite
Edrei	Edrei
Eduth	Edith
eembalsamo	embalm
eenkanto	one-way
Ef	If
efa	already
Efai	Efai
Efer	Efer
Efes	Ephesus
Efeso	Ephesus
Effata	Effata
Eflal	Eflal
efod	the ephod
Efraim	Ephraim
Efraim 	Ephraim 
Efraimita	Ephraimite
Efraimitang	Ephraimite
Efrat	Euphrates
Efrata	Efrata
Efrateo	Efrateo
Efrateong	Efrateong
Efratita	Euphrates
Efron	Efron
Egipcia	Egyptian
Egipcio	Egyptian
Egipciong	Egyptian
Egipto	Egypt
Egipto 	Egypt 
Egiptong	Egyptian
Egla	Egla
eglaim	eglaim
eglain	eglain
Eglat	Eggplant
Eglon	Eglon
eh	eh
ehe	before
eheng	yes
Ehi	Cow
Ehud	Ehud
ehyeh	oh yeah
eje	axis
ejeng	the devil
Eker	Eker
Ekis	Started
Ekron	Ekron
eksaktong	exactly
eksperto	EXPERTS
ekspertong	expert
ektaryang	hectare
el	he
Ela	She
Elad	You live
Elada	To live
Elah	Elah
Elam	Elam
Elam 	Elam 
Elamita	Elamite
Elasa	Elasa
Elasar	Elsar
Elasar 	Elsar 
Elat	Elat
Elath	Elath
Elcana	Elkanah
Elchanan	Elchanan
Elcos	Elcos
Eldaa	Elda
Eldad	Eldad
Elead	Elead
Eleada	Eleada
Eleale	Eleale
Eleasa	Eleazar
Eleazar	Eleazar
Eleazer	Eleazer
Elef	Thousand
elemento	element
elepante	ELEPHANT
Eleph	Eleph
Elhaanan	Elhanan
Elhanan	Elhanan
Eli	Or
Elia	Elia
Eliab	Eliab
Eliaba	Eliab
Eliacim	Eliacim
Eliada	Eliada
Eliahba	Eliahba
Eliakim	Eliakim
Eliam	Elijah
Eliaquim	Eliakim
Elias	Elias
Elias 	Elias 
Eliasaf	Eliasaf
Eliasaph	Eliasaph
Eliashib	Eliashib
Eliasib	ELIASHIB
Eliata	Eliathah
Eliatha	Eliatha
Elica	Propeller
Elidad	Elidad
Eliehoenai	Mine
Eliel	Eliel
Elienai	For Elaine
Elieser	Eliezer
Eliezer	Eliezer
Elifal	Elifal
Elifaz	Eliphaz
Elifelehu	Eliphelehu
Elifelet	Elifelet
Elihoref	Elihoref
Elihu	Elihu
Elika	Food
elim	elim
Elimas	Elim
Elimelec	Elimelech
Elimelech	Elimelech
Elioenai	Elioenai
Elioreph	Elioreph
Elipaz	Eliphaz
Eliphal	Eliphal
Eliphas	Eliphaz
Eliphaz	Eliphaz
Eliphelehu	The Devil
Eliphelet	The End
Elipheleth	Eliphelet
Elisa	Elisa
Elisabet	Elizabeth
Elisabeth	Elisabeth
Elisafat	Elizaphat
Elisah	Elisha
Elisama	Elishama
Elisaphan	Elizaphan
Elisaphat	Elisaphat
Eliseo	Elysium
Elisha	Elisha
Elishafat	Elishafat
Elishama	Elishama
Elisheba	Elizabeth
Elishua	Elisha
Elisua	Elisua
Elisur	Elizur
Eliu	Eliu
Eliud	Eliud
Elizabet	Elizabeth
Elizafan	Elizafan
Elizur	Elizur
Elkana	Elkanah
Elkosh	Elkosh
Elkoshita	Elkoshita
Elmadam	My Apple
Elmodad	Elmodad
Elmodam	Elmodam
Elnaam	Elname
Elnatan	Elnathan
Elnathan	Elnathan
eloe	aloe
Elohe	Nothing
Eloi	Eloi
Elon	Elon
Elonbeth	Elonbeth
Elonita	Elonite
Elot	Elot
Eloth	Eloth
Elpaal	Elpaal
Elparan	Elparan
Elpelet	Elpelet
Elphaal	Elphaal
Elphelet	Elphelet
Elteche	Elteche
Eltecon	Eltecon
Elteke	Eltek
Eltekon 	Eltekon 
Elteque	Elteque
Eltheco	Eltheco
Eltolad	Eltolad
Elul	In life
Eluzai	Eluzai
Elyoenai	Elyoenai
Elzabad	Elzabad
Elzafan	Elzafan
Elzaphan	Elzaphan
Eman	Give
Emath	Emath
Emaus	Emmaus
embalsamahin	embalming
embalsamohin	embalming
embalsamuhin	embalming
emec	emec
Emek	Work
Emimeo	Emimeo
Emita	Emit
Emmanuel	Emmanuel
emperador	emperor
En	In
Enaim	Enaim
Enam	More
enan	enan
enchanter	enchanter
encina	holm oak
Encinar	Holm oak forest
Endor	Endor
Eneas	Aeneas
enebro	juniper
Enech	Enech
eneldo	dill
Engedi	Let's go
enggasto	expenditure
engkantador	enchanter
enkantador	interviewer
enkanto	enchantment
Enmispat	Enemy
Enoc	Enoch
Enoch	Enoch
enon	uncle
Enos	Enos
Enosh	Enosh
Enrogel	Enrogel
ensina	teaches
entablado	stage
entabladong	stage
epa	epa
Epafras	Epaphras
Epafrodito	Epaphroditus
Epafroditus	Epaphroditus
epang	dig
Epeneto	Ebenezer
Epenetus	Epenetus
Epha	Here
Ephatha	Carrying
Epher	Epher
Ephesdammim	Ephesdammim
Ephet	Eph
Ephi	Where?
Ephlal	Ephlal
Ephod	Ephod
Ephraim	Ephraim
Ephraimita	Ephraimite
ephrata	Ephrath
Ephrateo	Ephrateo
Ephron	Ephron
Epicureo	Epicurean
epilepsya	epilepsy
epod	epod
epron	epron
Equer	Equer
Er	Is
Eran	Were
Erasto	Erastus
Erastus	Privacy
Erec	Erec
Erech	You
Eri	Different
Erita	Erita
erizo	sea ​​urchin
Esan	Say
Esar	Esar
Esarhadon	Esarhaddon
Esau	Esau
Esbaal	Esbaal
Esban	In Esb
Esbibenob	Esbibenob
Esbon	Esbon
escarcha	frost
escarlata	scarlet
Esceva	Esceva
Eschol	Eschol
Escol	Choose
escriba	write
Esec	Failure
Esek	I fall.
esel	donkey
Esem	Example
Eser	Work
Eshan	Eshan
Eshbaal	Eshbaal
Eshban	Eshban
Eshcol	Eshcol
Eshek	Donkey
Eshtara	Ashtara
Esion	Esion
eskarcha	Escarchu
eskinita	alley
Eskol	School
eskriba	scribe
Esli	If
esmeralda	esmeralda
Esmirna	Smyrna
espada	sword
espadang	sword
Espana	Espana
España	Spain
Espanya	Spain
especia	spice
especias	spices
espelta	spelt
espesia	espesia
espesyal	special
espile	espile
espiritista	spiritualist
espiritistang	spiritualist
espiritu	spirit
espiritung	spirit
espirituwal	spiritual
espirituʼy	espirituʼy
espiritwal	spiritual
espiritwal 	spiritual 
espisia	spice
espiya	spies
espiyang	spies
espongha	sponge
esponghang	sponge
Esriel	Esriel
Esrom	Esrom
Esron	Esron
Est	East 
estacte	stacte
estadio	stadium
estakte	fence
Estaol	Estaol
Estaolita	Estaolite
Estaquis	Stachys
estatwa	mannequin
estatwang	statue
Esteban	Esteban
Estebang	Stephen
Estefanas	Stephens
Estemo	Estemo
Estemoa	Estemoa
Ester	Ester
estera	foreign
Esthaol	Esthaol
Esthemoa	Esthemoa
Esther	Esther
Esthon	Esthon
Estoico	Stoic
Eston	Estonia
estopa	tow
Et	And
Etam	Etam
Etan	Ethan
Etanim	Ethanim
Etbaal	Etbaal
Eter	Eter
Etham	Etham
Ethan	Ethan
Ethanim	Ethanim
Ethbaal	Ethbaal
Ether	Ether
Ethiopia	Ethiopia
Ethnan	Ethnan
Etiope	Etiope
Etiopeng	Ethiopian
Etiopia	Ethiopia
Etnan	Ethnic
Etni	ethnicity
Eubulo	Eubulus
Eubulus	Eubulus
Eudia	Eudia
Eufrates	Euphrates
Eunice	Eunice
eunuko	kneel
eunukong	eunuch
Euodia	Euodia
Euodias	Euodia
Euraclidon	Euraclidon
Eutico	Eutychus
Euticus	Euticus
Eva	Eva
evangelio	gospel
evangeliong	evangeliong
evangelista	evangelista
Evi	Home
Evil	Evil
Ewan	I don't know.
Exo	Exo
Exodo	Exodus
Ez	No
Ezarhadon	In the desert
Ezbai	Doubt
Ezbon	Ezbon
Eze	King
Ezechias	Hezekiah
Ezekias	Hezekiah
Ezekiel	Ezekiel
Ezel	Donkey
Ezem	My name is
Ezequias	Hezekiah
ezer	thousand
Ezion	Ezion
Eznita	Eznita
Ezra	Ezra
Ezrahita	Ezrahite
Ezrano	Ezrano
Ezri	Ezri
Ezron	Hezron
falcon	falcon
falkon	falcon
Fallu	Fallu
Fanuel	Fanuel
Farao	Pharaoh
Faraon	Pharaoh
Faraong	Faraong
Fares	Fares
farez	faraz
Farfar	Grandfather
Fariseo	Pharisees
Fariseong	Fariseong
Farpar	Farpar
Farsandata	Farsandata
Febe	Febe
Felipe	Felipe
Felipeng	Felipeng
Felix	Felix
Fenicia	Phoenician
Fenix	Fenix
Festo	Celebration
Festus	Festus
Ficol	Ficol
fig	fig
Figello	Figello
Figelo	Figelo
Figelus	Figelius
Fil	In
Filadelfia	Philadelphia
Filem	Movies
Filemon	Philemon
Fileto	fillet
Filetus	Filetus
Filipo	Philip
Filipos	Philippians
Filistea	Philistia
Filisteo	Philistine
Filisteong	Filisteong
Filisteoʼy	Filisteoʼy
Filistia	Philistia
Filologo	Philologist
Filologus	Philologist
Finehas	Phinehas
flauta	flute
flax	flax
Flegon	Flegon
Flegonte	Phlegon
foka	seal
footnote	footnote
footnotes	footnotes
Foro	Forum
Fortunato	Lucky
Fortunatus	Fortunate
fox	fox
Frigia	Phrygia
Futiel	Futile
Ga	Here
Gaaba	Short
Gaal	Gaal
gaanan	lightness
gaano	how much
gaanong	slightly
Gaas	Gas
Gaba	Front
Gabaa	Market
Gabaath	Gabaath
Gabaathita	Gabaathita
Gabai	Gabi
Gabaon	Gibeon
Gabaonita	Gibeonite
Gabatha	Gabatha
gabay	poem
gabayan	guide
Gabbai	Gabbai
Gabbata	Gabbata
Gabbatha	Gabbatha
gabi	night
gabigabi	past
gabing	night
gabiʼy	gabiʼy
Gabriel	Gabriel
gacela	gazelle
gad	gad
gada	year
Gadareno	Gadareno
Gadarenong	Gadarenong
gadda	grief
gaddi	grief
Gaddiel	Gaddiel
gader	streets
gadi	years
Gadita	Gadite
Gador	Gador
Gagaan	Will do.
gagabay	guide
gagabayan	will guide
gagahasain	will be raped
gagala	wander
gagalang	respectful
gagalaw	move
gagalawin	to move
gagaling	recover
gagalitin	to provoke
gagalusan	to be swept away
gagamba	spider
gagambala	will interrupt
gagambalain	will be disturbed
gagamit	will use
gagamitan	will be used
gagamitin	will be used
gagamiting	will be used
gagamot	will treat
gagampanan	will play
gagamutin	to treat
gaganap	will perform
gaganapin	held
gaganda	beautiful
gagandang	beautiful
gaganti	instead
gagantihan	will be repaid
gagantihin	will be repaid
gagantimpalaan	will be rewarded
gagapang	creep
gagapas	will reap
gagapiin	gagapine
gagapos	bind
gagapusin	bound
gagastos	will cost
gagastusin	to spend
gagatungan	to be fueled
gagawa	will do
gagawan	to do
gagawang	will do
gagawin	will do
gagawing	will be made
gagaya	imitate
gagayahin	imitate
Gaham	Gaham
gahaman	greedy
Gahar	Awesome
Gaher	Gaher
gaita	harmonica
Gaius	Gaius
Gal	Gal
gala	gala
galaad	Gilead
Galaadita	Galadita
Galacia	Galacia
galak	fierce
Galal	Gala
galang	respect
galaw	movement
galawin	move
galbano	galbanum
Galeed	Corn
galeria	gallery
Galilea	Galilee
Galilea 	Galilee 
Galileang	Galileang
Galileong	Galileong
Galim	Possible
galing	good
galingan	great
Galio	Gallium
Galion	Galleon
galis	itching
galisin	Galician
galit	anger
galitin	to anger
Gallim	Gallim
galon	heart
galong	jug
galos	at the ends
galugarin	explore
galyetas	galley
Gamad	Vermin
Gamaliel	Gamaliel
gambalain	to disturb
gamit	tool
gamitan	use
gamitin	use
gamiting	use
Gammad	Gammad
gamo	range
gamong	grass
gamot	medicine
gampanan	to perform
gampanin	role
gampaning	working
gamu	meet
gamul	the range
gamutin	treat
gamuza	gamuza
gana	quite
ganahan	I
ganang	appetite
ganap	completely
ganapin	accomplish
ganaping	accomplishment
ganda	beauty
gandang	nice
ganggrena	gangrene
ganid	savage
ganim	I am moved.
ganito	like this
ganitong	like this
ganiyan	like that
ganiyang	like that
gannim	gannim
ganon	like that
ganoon	like that
ganoong	such
ganooʼy	ganooʼy
gansa	goose
ganti	change
gantihan	reciprocal
gantihin	repay
gantimpala	reward
gantimpalaan	reward
gantimpalang	reward
ganting	reward
gantingpala	change the head
gantingpalang	recompense
ganya	like that
ganyan	like that
ganyang	like that
gaod	gaod
gapas	spectacles
gapasin	gapasin
gapi	speech
gapii	gape
gapiin	defeat
gapok	gapok
gapos	bond
gapusin	bind
garantiya	guarantee
garapong	jar
Gareb	Gareb
garing	crisp
Garmita	Garmita
gasang	coral
gasela	gazelle
Gasez	Gas
gasgas	scratch
Gashmu	Your Gas
gasino	gas
Gasmu	Your Gas
Gastador	extravagant
gastos	bills
gastusin	expense
Gat	Hole
Gatam	Gatam
gatang	milk
gatas	milk
gatasan	milking parlor
gatasang	milky
Gath	Gath
Gatham	Gatham
gatong	FUEL
Gatrimmon	Gatrimmon
gatungan	fuel
Gaulon	Gaulon
gavilan	gavilan
gaviota	seagull
gawa	work
gawaan	workshop
gawad	grant
gawai	gadget
gawain	work
gawain 	work 
gawaing	work
gawan	do
gawang	goal
gawaran	grant
gawi	habit
gawin	do
gawing	make
gaya	style
gaya 	style 
gayahin	imitate
gayak	ornament
gayo	gay
gayon	so
gayong	such
gayoʼy	gayoʼy
gayuma	charm
gayundin	as well
gayunding	likewise
gayunma	however
gayunman	however
gayunpama	however
gayunpaman	however
Gaza	Gaza
Gazam	Gaza
gazelle	gazelle
Gazeo	Gazeo
Gazez	Gaza
Gazzam	Gazzam
Geba	Capable
Geba 	Capable 
Gebaa	Complete
Gebal	Ball
Gebaleo	Gebaleo
Gebalita	Gebalita
geber	donor
Gebim	My pregnancy
Gedalia	Gedaliah
Gedalias	Gedaliah
Gedalti	Gedalti
Gedeon	Gideon
Geder	Goats
Gedera	Gederah
Gederathita	Gederathita
Gederita	Gedera
Gederot	Gederot
Gederotaim	Gederothaim
Gederoth	Gederoth
Gederothaim	Gederothaim
gedi	turn
Gedi 	Gedi 
Gedolim	Gedolim
Gedor	Bang
Geharasim	Heiken
Gehazi	Gehazi
Gelilot	Gelilot
Geliloth	Geliloth
Gelonita	Gelonita
Gemalli	Gemalli
Gemaria	Gemaria
Gemarias	Gemarias
Gen	Gen
Genesaret	Gennesaret
Genezaret	Genezaret
Gentil	Kind
Genubat	He was kneeling.
Genubath	Genubath
gera	do
Gerar	To generate
Geraseno	Gerasenes
Gerasenong	Gerasenes
Gergaseo	Gergaseo
Gergeseno	Gergeseno
Gergeseo	Gergeseo
Gerizim	Gerizim
Gershom	Gershom
Gershon	Gershon
Gersom	Gersom
Gerson	Gerson
Gersonita	Gershonites
Gerut	Grumble
Geruth	Geruth
Gerzeo	Gerzeo
Gesam	Gesam
Gesan	Gesham
Gesem	Gesem
Geser	Shift
Geshan	Geshan
Geshem	Geshem
Geshur	Geshur
Geshureo	Geshur
Gessur	Gessure
Gessureo	Gessurean
Gesur	Geshur
Gesureo	Geshur
Geteo	Geteo
Geter	vibration
Getheo	Getheo
Gether	Gether
Getsemane	Gethsemane
Getsemani	Gethsemane
Geuel	Geuel
Gezer	Wandering
Ghiba	Ghiba
Gia	Family
Giah	Giah
giba	movement
Gibaa	Gibba
gibain	demolish
gibaing	broken
gibang	swaying movement
Gibbar	Gibber
Gibbethon	Gibbethon
Gibea	Gibeah
Gibeang	Broken
Gibeat	Gibeat
Gibeath	Gibeath
Gibeon	Gibeon
Gibeonita	Gibeonites
Gibeton	Gibeton
Gidalthi	Giddalthi
Gidalti	Giddy up
Giddalthi	Giddalthi
Giddalti	Giddalti
Giddel	Giddel
Gideon	Gideon
Gideoni	Gideon
Gidiel	Gidiel
Gidom	Gidom
Giezi	Giezi
gigiba	will destroy
gigibain	to be demolished
gigibain 	to be demolished 
gigibaing	will fall apart
gigiik	gig
gigiikin	gig
gigiling	grind
gigilitan	to be annoyed
giginhawa	flourish
giginhawang	flourish
gigintuin	gigintuin
gigipitin	gigipitin
gigiray	shocked
gigiraygiray	gigiraygiray
gigising	will wake up
gigisingin	to wake up
Gihon	diligent
giikan	threshing floor
giikang	threshing floor
giikin	geek
Gilalai	Gilalai
gilalas	amazing
gilas	gilas
Gilboa	Gilboa
gilead	gilead
Gileaditang	Gileaditang
gilgal	Gilgal
gilid	edge
giling	mill
gilingan	mill
gilingang	mill
gilingin	grind
giliw	love
Gilo	Gilo
Gilo 	Gilo 
Gilonita	Gilonite
Gimmel	Gimmel
Gimzo	Gimzo
ginabayan	guided
ginagabayan	guided
ginagalang	respected
ginagalaw	being moved
ginagalawan	being moved
ginagalit	being angered
ginagalugad	being explored
ginagambala	interrupted
ginagamit	used
ginagamitan	used
ginagamot	treated
ginagampanan	role
ginaganap	being performed
ginaganito	doing this
ginaganti	retaliated
ginagantihan	reciprocated
ginagantimpalaan	rewarded
ginaganyan	doing so
ginagapas	being mowed
ginagapi	defeated
ginagapos	being bound
ginagawa	doing
ginagawan	doing
ginagawang	makes
ginagaya	imitated
ginagayakan	decorated
ginahasa	raped
ginalaw	moved
ginalit	irritated
ginalugad	explored
ginambala	interrupted
ginamit	used
ginamitan	used
ginamot	treated
ginampanan	played
ginanap	held
ginang	madam
ginanito	ginanito
ginanti	defending
ginantihan	rewarded
ginantimpalaan	rewarded
ginanting	recompensed
ginanyak	stole
ginapas	bear
ginapasan	harvest
ginapi	defeated
ginapos	BOUND
ginastos	spent
Ginat	Ginat
ginaw	chill
ginawa	made
ginawa 	made 
ginawaan	made
ginawan	done
ginawang	made
ginawin	to chill
ginaya	imitated
ginayakan	decorated
Gineth	Gineth
Ginetho	Ginetho
Ginethon	Ginnethon
Ginetoi	Gineto
Gineton	Ginnethon
ginhawa	comfort
giniba	demolished
ginibang	abandoned
ginigiba	being demolished
ginigiik	threshing
ginigiikan	threshing
ginigiling	grinding
giniginaw	cold
ginigipit	harassed
ginigising	being awakened
ginigitgit	being harassed
giniik	threshed
giniling	ground
giniliw	entertained
gininto	golden
ginintong	golden
ginintuan	gilded
ginipit	pressed
ginising	woken up
Ginnethon	Ginnethon
ginoo	sir
Ginoong	Sir
ginto	gold
gintong	gold
gintoʼt	gold
gintung	gintung
ginugol	spent
ginugugol	spent
Ginuguhitan	Drawing
ginugulo	being disturbed
ginugunita	commemorated
ginugupit	being cut
ginugupitan	being cut
ginugutom	starving
ginuhitan	drawn
ginuho	destroyed
ginulo	distracted
ginulpi	beaten
ginunaw	overthrew
ginunita	commemorated
ginupit	cut out
ginusto	liked
ginustong	preferred
ginutay	slaughtered
ginutom	hungry
ginuwangan	buildings
gipit	desperate
Girgaseo	Girgaseo
giring	important
Girzita	Girzite
gisantes	peas
Gishpa	Gishpa
gising	awake
gisingin	wake up
Gispa	Spade
Gitaim	Gitaim
gitara	guitar
Gith	Gith
Githaim	Githaim
giting	bravery
gitna	middle
gitnang	middle
Gittaim	Gittaim
Gitthaim	Gitthaim
gittith	gittith
Gizon	Man
Gizonita	Gizonita
Gizrita	Gizrite
globito	globetrotter
Gnido	Gnido
Goa	Goa
Gob	Gob
gobernador	governor
gobyerno	government
gofer	useless
gog	gog
Goiim	nations
Golan	Golan
Golgota	Golgotha
Golgotha	Golgotha
Goliat	Goliath
Goliath	Goliath
Gomer	Gomer
Gomora	Gomora
Gomorra	Gomorrah
gorilya	gorilla
Gosen	Gosen
Goshen	Goshen
Goyim	Goyim
Gozan	Enjoy
graba	hurry
grabe	severe
grabeng	SEVERE
grado	degree
grain	grain
gramo	gram
gramong	g
grana	branch
granada	granada
granadang	granadang
graniso	hail
granizo	hail
grano	grain
grava	important
graviota	gravity
Grecia	Greece
Greco	Greco
Griega	Greek
Griego	Greek
Griegong	Greek
Griyego	Greek
group	group
grupo	group
grupong	group
grupoʼy	groupʼy
gubat	WAR
gubatan	they burned
Gudgod	Good morning
Gudgoda	Enter
gugol	expense
gugubat	Forestry
gugugol	will spend
gugugulin	will spend
guguho	collapse
gugulayin	to grow vegetables
gugulin	spend
gugulo	trouble
gugulong	roll
guguluhin	to disturb
gugumon	gugumon
gugunaw	to destroy
gugunawin	will be destroyed
gugunita	will remember
gugunitain	will be remembered
gugupitan	cut
gugupitin	cut
gugustuhin	would like
gugustuhing	would like
gugutay	you are tired
gugutumin	to starve
guhit	drawing
guhitguhit	guitguit
guho	ruin
guhong	guhong
gula	sugar
gulang	old
gulanit	tattered
gulat	panic
gulay	vegetable
gulayin	gulayin
gulo	trouble
gulod	hill
gulong	wheel
gulpihin	to beat
gulugod	spine
guluhin	disturb
gulung	roll
gumaan	be quiet
gumabay	guide
gumabi	late at night
gumagabay	guiding
gumagabi	getting late
gumagala	wandering
gumagalang	respectful
gumagalaw	moving
gumagaling	recovering
gumagambala	interfering
gumagamit	user
gumaganap	performing
gumaganda	getting better
gumaganti	retaliating
gumagapang	crawling
gumagapas	mowing
gumagastos	spending
gumagawa	works
gumagawang	working
gumagayak	dressing up
gumala	wander
gumalang	respect
gumalaw	move
gumaling	recover
gumalit	get angry
gumambala	interrupt
gumamit	use
gumamot	treat
gumanap	perform
gumanda	become beautiful
gumanti	retaliate
gumapang	crawl
gumapas	mow
gumapi	gumapi
gumarantiya	guarantee
gumawa	make
gumawang	make
gumawi	behave
gumaya	imitate
gumayak	dress up
gumiba	destroy
gumigiba	destroying
gumigiik	threshing
gumiginhawa	getting better
gumigipit	harassing
gumigiray	moving
gumigising	waking up
gumiik	gummy
gumiling	grind
guminhawa	relax
gumising	wake up
gumugol	spend
gumugugol	spends
gumuguhit	drawing
gumuguho	crumbling
gumugulo	disturbing
gumugulong	rolling
gumugunita	reminiscing
gumuhit	draw
gumuho	collapse
gumuhong	collapsed
gumulong	roll
gumulung	Primavera
gumumon	gumumon
gumunaw	wonder
gumunita	murmur
gunawin	complaint
Guni	Guni
gunita	memory
gunitain	to remember
gunitaing	gunitaing
gunting	scissors
gupit	haircut
gupitan	cut hair
gupitin	cut
Gur	That
Gurbaal	Gurbaal
guro	teacher
gurong	teacher
gusali	building
gusali 	building 
gusaling	building
gusi	gum
gusot	tangled
gusto	want
Gusto 	Like 
gustong	want
gustuhin	like
gustung	like
gutay	torn
gutom	hunger
gutumin	to starve
guwang	hollow
guwardiya	guard
guwardya	outpost
guwardyahan	surround
guwardyang	guard
guya	supposedly
guyang	guyang
guyaʼt	guyaʼt
Gw	Gw
gwapo	handsome
gwardiya	guard
Ha	Ha
Haahashtari	Hahaha
Haahastari	Haahastari
Haanan	Haanan
Hab	Method
haba	length
habaan	extend
Habacuc	Habakkuk
habag	compassion
habagat	southwest
Habakuk	Habakkuk
habang	while
habang 	while 
habas	long
Habasinias	Habazziniah
Habassinias	Habassinias
Habazinia	Habazinia
habian	there were
habihan	loom
habilin	will
habilinan	habilinan
habiling	habiling
habol	chase
habong	in the house
Habor	Habor
habulin	chase
Hacalia	Hacalia
Hacalias	Hacalias
Hacatan	Hacatan
haccerem	this time
haccore	haccore
Hachalias	Hachalias
hacherem	hasherem
Hachila	Hachila
Hachmonita	Hachmonita
Hacmoneo	Hacmoneo
Hacmoni	Hacmoni
Hacmonita	Hacmonite
Hacos	Hacos
Hacupha	Hacupha
Hacusa	Hacusa
hada	combine
hadad	now
Hadadezer	congratularetur
Hadar	Accident
Hadasa	Hadassah
Hadasha	Speech
hadata	combine
hadatta	hadatta
hadda	now
haddon	haddon
Hades	Hades
Hadid	Hadid
Hadlai	Hadlai
hadlang	obstacle
hadlangan	hinder
hadon	hadon
Hadoram	Hadoram
Hadrac	Hadrac
Hadrach	Hadrach
Haelef	Helf
Hafaraim	Goodbye
Hag	Hag
Hagab	Hagab
Hagaba	Hagaba
Hagai	Haggai
Hagar	Hagar
hagdan	stairs
hagdanan	staircase
hagdanang	staircase
hagdang	stairs
Hagedolim	Hagedolim
Hageo	Haggai
Haggadi	Haggadi
Haggan	Haggan
Haggeo	Haggai
Haggi	Haggi
Haggia	Haggia
Haggit	Quote
Haggith	Haggith
Hagi	Go
Hagia	Hagia
hagibis	swift passing
Hagidgad	Hagidgad
hagios	hagios
hagis	you have
Hagit	CHALLENGES
Hagith	Hagith
hagkan	kiss
Hagoyim	Hagoyim
Hagreo	Hagreo
Hagri	Hagri
Hagrita	Hagrita
Hagui	Have
haguidgad	slyly
Haguit	Haguit
hagulgulan	to be angry
hagupit	whip
hagupitin	whip
hahaba	long
hahabihin	my dear
hahablutin	will be caught
hahabol	will chase
hahabulin	will be chased
hahadlangan	will block
hahagisan	will throw
hahagkan	to kiss
hahagupitin	hahagupitin
hahainan	to be happy
hahaka	hahaka
Hahakutin	Hahakutin
hahalagahan	will be appreciated
hahalakhak	hahalakhak
hahalatain	to wait
hahalibasin	to entertain
hahalik	will kiss
hahalikan	will kiss
hahalili	will succeed
hahalimuyak	will smell
hahalinhan	released
Hahaltakin	Hahaha too
hahaluan	will mix
hahalughugin	will be searched
hahaluin	will be mixed
hahamak	hang out
hahamakin	will be despised
hahampas	will strike
hahampashampas	will hit you
hahampasin	will be beaten
hahamugan	will be praised
hahamunin	will challenge
hahanap	will find
hahanapan	to be found
hahanapin	will be searched
hahanaping	will be searched
hahanay	to get used to
hahanda	will prepare
hahandugan	to be offered
hahandusay	hahandusay
hahanga	will admire
hahangaan	admire
hahangarin	will desire
hahangarin 	will desire 
hahanguin	will be taken away
hahantong	will lead
hahantungan	to end up
hahapakin	to be careful
hahapay	good luck
hahapon	to be satisfied
hahapong	to be filled
haharangan	will block
Haharangin	Will be blocked
haharap	will face
haharapin	to deal with
hahasain	to invite
hahasikan	to be angry
hahatakin	to be pulled
Hahati	Divide
hahatian	will be divided
hahatiin	will be divided
hahatol	will judge
hahatulan	will be judged
hahatulang	will be judged
hahawak	will hold
hahawakan	will hold
hahawiin	will be divided
hahayaan	will let
hahayaang	let it be
hahirot	hahirot
hahiroth	hahiroth
Hahohita	Hello
Hai	Two
hail	hail
haim	haim
hain	so
hainan	hainan
haing	sacrifice
haka	so
Hakalias	Hakalias
Hakatan	Hakatan
hakbang	step
hakerem	hakerem
Hakila	Hakila
Hakore	No problem
Hakoz	Hakoz
hakutin	to catch
Hala	Yes
Halac	Halac
halaga	value
halagang	amount
Halak	Pisces
halakhak	laughter
halalan	election
halama	dog
halaman	page
halamana	page
halamanan	garden
halamanang	garden
halamang	plant
halang	obstacle
halata	obvious
Halatang	Obviously
halay	halay
halayin	rape
Halhul	Halhul
hali	situation
haligi	pillar
haliging	pillar
halik	kiss
halika	come
halikan	kiss
halikayo	come on
Halikayong	Come on.
Halikayoʼt	Come and
halikaʼt	come on
haliling	haliling
halimaw	monster
halimbawa	for example
halimbawang	example
halimbawaʼy	for example
halimuyak	fragrance
halina	it doesn't have
haling	crazy
halinghing	moan
halinhan	substitute
halinhinan	take turns
halinhinang	alternately
halip	instead
haliparot	flirtatious
halkon	halkon
halo	halo
halohalo	halohalo
halohalong	mixed
Halohes	Hello
Halohesh	Hellohesh
halomigmig	halomic
halong	mixed
halos	almost
haluan	I want
halughugin	search
haluin	mix
halumigmig	humidity
Ham	Both
hamak	lowly
hamakin	despise
Haman	Haman
Hamat	Hamath
Hamateo	Hamateo
Hamath	Hamath
Hamatheo	Hamatheo
hamba	servant
hambog	arrogant
Hamedata	Hamedata
Hamita	To finish
hammahlecoth	hammahlecoth
Hammiphcad	Hammiphcad
Hammoleket	Hammolek
Hammon	Hammon
hammonai	Hammonai
Hammoth	Hammoth
Hammuel	Hammuel
hamog	dew
Hamolequet	Hamolequet
hamon	challenge
Hamonah	Hamonah
Hamor	Hamor
Hamot	Hamot
Hamotdor	Hamotdor
hampas	blow
hampasin	strike
hampasing	strike
hampaslupa	wanderer
Hamram	Hamram
Hamran	Hamran
Hamuel	Hamuel
Hamul	harness
Hamulita	Hamulita
hamunin	challenge
Hamutal	Hamutal
Hanamel	Hanamel
hanan	hanan
Hananeel	Hananeel
Hananel	Hananel
Hanani	Hanani
Hanania	Hananiah
Hananias	Hanania
hanap	search
hanapan	search
hanapbuhay	occupation
hanapin	find
hanaping	search
Hanaton	Hanaton
hanay	row
hanayhanay	ranks
handa	ready
handaan	banquet
handaang	ready
handang	ready
handog	offering
handog 	offering 
handugan	offer
Hanes	History
hanga	build
hangad	desire
hangal	stupid
hanganan	border
hangang	until
hangarin	desire
hangaring	desire
hangga	until
hanggahan	border
hanggan	forever
hanggana	limit
hangganan	border
hangganang	border
hanggang	until
hanggang 	until 
hanggaʼt	as long as
hangi	Which
hangin	wind
hanging	hanging
hango	there
hanguin	to be hunted
hanguing	take away
Haniel	Haniel
Hanna	Hanna
Hanoc	Hanoc
Hanoch	Hanoch
Hanocitas	Hanocites
hantungan	destination
Hanun	Hand
hapag	table
hapak	stale
hapakin	hapkin
hapay	bankruptcy
hapdi	pain
Hapharaim	Hapharaim
hapis	prison
Hapizez	Hapizez
hapo	there
hapon	afternoon
hapong	afternoon
hapuc	hapuk
hapuch	hapuch
hapunan	dinner
hapunang	dinner
Haquila	Haquila
Hara	Hara
Harada	Where
haram	haram
haran	haran
harang	barrier
harangan	block
harangin	block
harap	front
harapa	front
harapan	hope
harapang	front
harapin	face
Harar	Harar
Hararita	Hararita
Harbona	Harbon
hardin	hardin
hardinero	gardener
harding	harding
Haref	Haref
harem	harem
Hareph	Hareph
hares	hares
hareset	hareset
hareseth	hareseth
Hareth	Hareth
Harhaia	Harshaia
Harhas	Harhas
Harhaya	Harhaya
Harhur	Harhur
hari	day
harian	daily
Harif	Harif
Harim	Harim
harina	flour
harinang	flour
harinanghawakpa	still holding
Harinawa	Harinawa
haring	haring
Hariph	Hariph
Harirot	Harirot
hariʼy	hariʼy
Harmon	Harmon
Harnapher	Harnapher
Harnefer	Harnefer
Harod	Harod
Harodita	Harodite
Haroe	Haroe
Haroeh	Haroeh
Haror	Temperature
Haroset	Haroset
Haroseth	Haroseth
Haroshet	Harosheth
harsa	difficult
Harsit	Harsit
Hartus	In the heart
Haruf	Lamb
Harum	Fragrant
Harumaf	Fragrant
Harumaph	Harumaph
Haruphita	Haruphita
Harus	Must
Haruz	Haruz
Harvona	Harvona
has	has
hasa	especially
Hasabias	Hashabiah
Hasabna	Hasabna
Hasabneias	Hashabneiah
Hasadia	Hasadiya
Hasadias	Hasadias
hasain	sharpen
hasang	gill
Hasar	Damage
Hasarsusa	Damaged
Hasason	Imagination
Hasbadana	My name is Hasbadan.
Hasbanias	Hasbanias
Hasbedana	Hasbedana
Hasem	Basem
Hasena	Hasanah
Hasenaa	Hasena
Hasenua	Hasenua
Haser	Hases
Haseroth	Haseroth
Hash	Hash
Hashabia	Hashabia
Hashabias	Hashabias
Hashabna	Hashabna
Hashabneya	Hashabneiah
Hashem	Hashem
Hashub	Hashub
Hashuba	Hashuba
Hashum	Hashum
hasik	sown
Hasikan	Hasik
hasinto	will pull
Haslelponi	Haslelponi
Hasmona	Hasmona
hasor	Hazor
haspe	jasper
Hasra	Abdomen
hassebaim	hassebaim
Hassub	Hassub
Hasub	Hasub
Hasuba	Hasuba
Hasum	Hasum
Hasupha	Hasupha
hataa	steal
hataava	hatching
Hatac	Hatac
Hatak	Pull
Hatat	Hated
hataw	mix
Hathath	Hathath
Hatheo	Hatheo
hati	heart
hatian	be careful
Haticon	Haticon
hatid	brought
hatiin	divide
Hatil	Hatil
hating	hating
hatinggabi	midnight
hatinggabing	midnight
Hatipha	Hatipha
Hatita	Hatita
hatol	verdict
hattaavah	hattavah
hatticon	hatticon
Hattil	Hattil
Hattus	Hattus
hatulan	to judge
hatulang	verdict
Hatus	Must
Hatush	Hatush
Hauran	They will have
Hauron	Hauron
Havila	Havilah
Havilah	Havilah
Havot	Havot
Havoth	Havoth
hawa	these
hawak	holding
hawakan	touch
hawakan 	touch 
hawakang	touch
Hawan	Climbing
hawig	similar
hawiin	half
hawla	cage
hawlang	cage
hayaan	let
hayaang	let it be
hayag	EXPRESS
hayagan	openly
hayagang	openly
hayan	have
hayo	that
hayok	hungry
hayop	animal
hayop 	animal 
Hayun	There
Hazael	Hazael
Hazaias	Domestic
Hazaquiel	Hazaquiel
Hazar	Caspian
Hazaradar	Hazardar
Hazarmavet	Hazarmavet
Hazaya	Hazaya
Hazazon	Hazazon
Hazelelponi	Hazelnut Pony
Hazer	Hazer
Hazerhatico	Hazerhatico
Hazerot	Hazeroth
Hazezon	Hazezon
Haziel	Haziel
Hazo	Tree
Hazobeba	Big tree
hazor	Hazar
Hazurim	Hazurim
Hazzelelponi	Hazzelelponi
He	He
Heb	Have
Hebal	Hebal
Heber	Heber
Heberita	Heberita
Hebrea	Hebrew
Hebreang	Hebreang
Hebreo	Hebrew
Hebreong	Hebrew
Hebron	Hebron
Hebronita	Hebronite
Heder	Honor
hefer	heifer
Hefziba	Hephzibah
Hegai	Hegai
Hela	Whole
Helal	Halal
Helam	Helam
Helba	Helba
Helbon	Helbon
Helcai	Helcai
Helcat	Helcat
Helcath	Helcath
Helchat	Helchat
Helchath	Helchath
Heldai	Heldai
Helea	Come
Heleb	Aleppo
Helec	Hell
Helecita	Helecite
Heled	Heled
Helef	Help
Helek	Hell
Helem	Helium
Helenista	Hellenist
Heleph	Heleph
Heles	Heals
Helez	Helez
Heliopolis	Heliopolis
Helkai	Helkai
Helkat	Helkat
Helles	Pours
helmet	helmet
Helon	Hell
Heltolad	Heltolas
Heluhi	Read
Hemam	Bathroom
Heman	Same
Hemdan	Hamdan
Hemor	Hemor
Hen	Hen
hena	meat
Henadad	Henad
Henah	Henah
heneral	general
henerasyon	generation
henerasyong	generation
henna	henna
Henoch	Enoch
Hentil	Gentile
hepher	hepher
Hepherita	Hepherites
Hephzi	Hephzi
Hepsi	All
Herabim	Herabim
Heran	Amazed
Heranita	Heranit
Hereo	Here you go.
heres	heres
Heret	sooner
Heri	Happy
Hermas	Hermas
Hermes	Hermes
Hermo	Nerve
Hermogenes	Hermogenes
hermon	hermon
Hermonitas	Harmony
hero	hero
Herodes	Herod
Herodiano	Herodian
Herodias	Herodias
Herodion	Herodion
Hesban	Eseban
Hesbon	Heshbon
hesed	hesed
Hesenua	Hesenua
Heshbon	Heshbon
Heshmon	Heshmon
Hesmon	Hesmon
Hesrai	Hesrai
Hesro	Hesro
hesron	HEZRON
Hesronita	Hesronita
hessed	hessed
Het	It
Hetea	Hetea
Heteo	Hittite
Heteong	Heteong
Heth	Heth
Hethea	Where
Hetheo	Hetheo
Hethlon	Hethlon
Hethoh	Hethoh
Hetlon	Hetlon
heto	here
Heveo	Heveo
Hevi	Idea
Hezeciel	Ezekiel
Hezekia	Hezekiah
Hezekias	Hezekiah
Hezer	Hazer
Hezion	Hazion
Hezir	June
Hezrai	Hezrai
Hezro	Hazro
Hezron	Hezron
hibang	crazy
hibik	sob
hibla	fiber
Hidai	Hidai
Hiddai	Hiddai
Hiddecel	Believe
Hiddekel	Hiddekel
hiduwang	hiduwang
hidwaan	conflict
hidwaang	conflict
hidwang	heresy
Hiel	Very
hielo	ice
Hierapolis	Hierapolis
higa	bed
higaa	spelling
higaan	bed
higaang	bed
higad	crawl
higante	GIANT
higanteng	giant
higanti	revenge
Higgaion	Higgaion
higing	higing
higit	more
higitan	surpass
higos	figs
higpit	stiffness
higpitan	tighten
higpitang	urge
hihibik	will cry
hihiga	lie down
hihigaan	lie down
hihigan	lie down
hihigit	more
hihigitan	surpass
hihigpitan	will be restricted
hihihip	hihiip
hihikayat	will encourage
hihikayatin	will encourage
hihikayating	will encourage
hihila	pull
hihilagpos	will be thrown
hihilahin	to pull
hihilig	will lean
hihiling	will request
hihilingin	will be requested
hihilot	hihilot
hihilutin	hihilutin
hihimatayin	faint
hihimlay	to rest
hihimod	will be carried
Hihimukin	Encourage
hihimuran	to be cursed
hihimurin	to be tempted
hihina	weaken
Hihingahan	Breathe
hihingan	to ask
hihingi	will ask
hihingin	will be asked
hihinging	will be asked
hihintayin	will wait
hihintaying	waiting for
hihinto	stop
hihip	blow
hihipan	to blow
hihipo	old man
hihipuin	to touch
hihiram	to borrow
hihirang	appointed
hihirangin	to be appointed
hihititin	to suck
hihiwa	slice
hihiwaan	to cut into pieces
hihiwalay	will separate
hihiwalayan	to be separated
hihiya	shame
hihiyain	to be ashamed
hihiyain 	to be ashamed 
hihiyaw	will scream
hihiyawan	will scream
hikahos	poverty
hikaw	earring
hikayatin	encourage
hikayating	encourage
hila	trick
hilaga	north
hilaga 	north 
hilagaan	north
hilagaang	north
hilagang	northern
hilagpos	loose
hilagpusan	shoot
hilahin	pull
hilamusan	the illusion
hilaw	raw
Hilcias	Hilkiah
Hilel	Hillel
Hilem	Hilem
Hilen	Dead
hilera	row
hilerang	row
hilig	passion
hiligan	lean
hiling	request
hilingin	ask
hilinging	request
Hilkia	Hilkiah
Hilkias	HILKIAH
Hillel	Hillel
hilot	midwife
himagsikan	revolution
himala	miracle
himalang	miracle
himas	wipe
himasin	rub
himatayin	faint
himaymay	fiber
himbing	sleep
Himeneo	Hymenaeus
himig	melody
himlayan	place to rest
himno	hymn
himpapawid	air
himpapawid 	air 
himpilan	station
Himukin	Encourage
himuking	encourage
himutok	push
hin	don't
hina	the other
hinabahaba	length
hinabi	woven
hinabing	woven
hinablot	grabbed
hinabol	chased
hinadlangan	obstructed
hinagis	thrown
hinagisan	thrown
hinagkan	kissed
hinagpis	regret
hinagupit	whipped
hinahabaan	stretched
hinahabi	weaving
hinahabol	being chased
hinahadlangan	obstructed
hinahagis	thrown
hinahagisan	being thrown
hinahagkan	kissed
hinahagupit	being whipped
hinahainan	served
hinahalikan	kissing
hinahalo	mixed
hinahalughog	being searched
hinahamak	despised
hinahamon	challenged
hinahampas	being beaten
hinahanap	looking for
hinahanapan	looking for
hinahandugan	offered
hinahangaan	admired
hinahangad	desired
hinahango	being extracted
hinahaplos	caressed
Hinaharang	Blocked
hinaharap	future
hinahasa	being sharpened
hinahasikan	sown
hinahati	divided
hinahatulan	condemned
hinahatulang	being judged
hinahawakan	holding
hinahawakang	being held
hinahayaan	allowing
hinahayaang	allowed
hinahayag	revealing
hinahayuma	charmed
hinaho	curiosity
hinahon	calmness
hinainan	served
hinaing	complaint
hinakot	dragged
hinalagahan	priced
hinalalan	suspected
hinalay	raped
hinalikan	kissed
hinalinhan	predecessor
hinalo	stirred
hinaltak	jerked
hinaluan	mixed
hinaluang	mixed
hinalughog	searched
hinamak	despised
hinamon	challenged
hinampas	beaten
hinanakit	resentment
hinanap	searched
hinanapan	searched
hinanayan	array
hinandaan	to the next
hinandugan	offered
hinang	welding
hinangaan	admired
hinangad	desired
hinanggahan	blocked
hinango	derived
hinantungan	ended
hinapak	torn
hinarang	blocked
hinarangan	blocked
hinarap	confronted
Hinasa	Honed
hinasikan	to humiliate
hinatak	pulled
hinati	divided
hinatian	divided
hinating	divided
hinatulan	convicted
hinatulang	condemned
hinawahan	contaminated
hinawakan	touched
hinawi	torn apart
hinayaan	allowed
hinayaang	left
hinayang	regret
hindi	no
hindi 	no 
hindik	little
hinding	never
hinerohan	branded
hinga	fall
hingahan	breath
hingal	gasp
hingan	ask
hinggil	regarding
hingi	request
hingin	ask
hinging	hinging
hinhin	wait
hinigaan	bed
hinigan	lying
hinigop	sucked
hinigpit	tightened
Hinigpitan	Tightened
hinihigaan	lying down
hinihigan	lying down
hinihigpitan	restricted
hinihikayat	encouraged
hinihila	being pulled
hinihilang	being pulled
hinihiligan	requested
hinihiling	requested
hinihilot	being dragged
hinihimay	shredded
hinihimuran	cursed
hinihingan	requested
hinihingi	requested
hinihinging	requested
hinihintay	waiting
hinihipan	being blown
hinihipo	touching
hinihirang	appointed
hinihiwa	sliced
hinihiwalayan	separated
hinihiya	humiliated
hinikayat	encouraged
hinila	pulled
hiniling	requested
hinimatay	fainted
hinimod	offered
hinimok	urged
hinimuran	licked
hininagap	anticipated
hininga	breath
hiningahan	breathe
hiningan	asked
hiningang	breath
hiningaʼy	breath
hiningi	requested
hininging	request
hinintay	waited
hinintuan	stopped
hinipan	blown
hinipo	touched
hiniram	borrowed
hinirang	appointed
hinitit	Hinitites
hinitsurahang	looked at
hiniwa	sliced
hiniwaan	sliced
Hiniwalay	Separated
hiniwalayan	divorced
hiniwalayang	divorced
hiniwang	sliced
hiniya	humiliated
hiniyawan	shouted
hinlalaki	thumb
Hinnom	Hinnom
hinog	ripe
Hinom	Hinnom
hintay	wait
hintayin	wait
hintaying	wait
hinto	stop
hintuan	stop
hinubad	stripped
hinubaran	stripped
hinubdan	stripped
hinubog	shaped
hinubog 	shaped 
hinudyatan	motioned
hinugasan	washed
hinugis	shaped
hinugisan	molded
hinugot	pulled out
hinuhubad	undressing
hinuhubdan	being stripped
hinuhubog	being shaped
hinuhugasan	being washed
hinuhugisan	being shaped
hinuhugusan	being pulled
hinuhukay	digging
hinuhuli	being arrested
hinuhusay	being improved
hinuhuthot	being sucked
hinukay	dug
hinulaan	predicted
hinuli	caught
hinulma	molded
hinulmang	molded
hinulugan	melted
hinurno	baked
hinusay	repaired
hinusgahan	judged
hipag	sister-in-law
hipan	blow
hipokrito	hypocrite
hipopotamus	hippopotamus
hipuin	touch
Hir	Her
Hira	Conversation
hiram	hiram
hiramin	borrow
hirang	elected
hirangin	to appoint
hirap	difficulty
hirati	chili pepper
hisopo	hyssop
hisopong	hyssop
hita	found
hitang	thigh
hitaʼy	hitaʼy
hitik	crowded
hitsura	appearance
Hiva	Hiva
Hivah	Hivah
Hiveo	Hiveo
Hivita	Hivite
hiwa	cut
hiwaga	mystery
hiwagang	mysterious
hiwain	cut
hiwalay	separate
hiwalayan	divorce
hiwalayin	separate
hiwang	slit
hiwatig	hint
hiya	shame
hiyain	to be ashamed
hiyang	allergic
hiyas	QUALITIES
hiyaw	scream
hiyawan	scream
hiyena	hyena
Hizchi	Hizchi
Hizki	Letter
Hizkia	Letter
Hoba	Because
Hobab	Hobab
Hobah	Hobah
Hobaias	Habia
Hod	Throw
Hodavia	Refuse
Hodavias	Hodavias
Hodes	Hodes
Hodia	They fit
Hodias	Hodias
Hodsi	Hodsi
Hofni	To fear
Hofra	Hole
hogla	hogla
Hoham	Hoham
Holga	To the point
Holon	Holon
Homam	Homam
homer	homer
Homonah	Homonah
Hon	She
Honani	Hon
Honoraim	Honorarium
Hophra	Hopf
Hor	First
Horam	Hour
Horeb	Horeb
Horem	Uphill
Horeo	Horeo
Hores	Hours
Horhagidgad	Horhagidgad
Hori	That
Horita	Horite
Horma	Wall
horon	training
Horonaim	Horonaim
horong	sleep
Horonita	Horonita
Hos	With
Hosa	Hossa
Hosabias	Hosabias
Hosabnias	Hosabnias
Hosaias	Hoshaiah
Hosama	Hosama
Hosana	Hosanna
Hosanna	Hosanna
Hosaya	Hossain
Hosea	Hosea
Hoseas	Hoseas
Hoshama	Hoshama
Hoshea	Hosea
Hotam	Hotam
Hotham	Hotham
Hotir	Hotir
Hoy	Today
Hozai	Hozai
hoze	Hosea
hubad	naked
hubaran	undress
hubarin	undress
Hubba	Hubba
hubo	was
hubog	curved
huboʼt	naked
hubugin	shape
Hucoc	Hucoc
Hucoca	Hucoca
Hucuca	Hujuca
Hudai	Claim
hudyat	signal
hudyatan	signal
Hufam	I'm a troop
hugas	cleansing
hugasan	wash
hugasang	wash
hugis	shape
hugisin	I'm a big fan.
hugong	buzz
hugutan	pull out
Hugutin	Pull out
huhubaran	to undress
huhubarin	to undress
huhubaring	to be likened
huhubdan	huhubdan
huhubuin	to be drawn
Huhudyatan	Signal
huhugasan	to wash
huhugasang	to wash
huhugos	will flow
huhugutin	will pull
huhuho	angry
huhukay	will dig
Huhukayan	Excavation
huhukom	judge
huhukuman	you judge
huhuli	to catch
huhulihin	to catch
huhuni	smoke
huhupa	will subside
huhusayin	to improve
huhusga	will judge
huhusgahan	to be judged
huhutukin	rumor monger
Huk	An
hukay	pit
hukbo	army
hukbo 	army 
hukbong	army
Hukok	Hukok
hukom	judge
hukuma	agency
hukuman	punishment
Hul	Their
hula	hula
hulaan	guess
hulang	pull
Hulda	Hulda
huli	late
huliha	last
hulihan	rear
hulihang	last
hulihin	catch
huling	last
huliʼy	huly
hulmahan	mold
hulmahin	make a cast
hulog	drop
hulugan	installment
humaba	lengthen
humabang	wait
humabi	weave
humabol	chase
humadlang	prevent
humagpos	get loose
humagulgol	cry
humahaba	lengthening
humahabi	weaves
humahabol	chasing
humahadlang	hindering
humahagibis	rushing
humahagulgol	wailing
humahaka	guessing
humahalakhak	laughing
humahalay	adulterous
humahalik	kissing
humahalimhim	brooding
humahalimuyak	fragrant
humahalinghing	moaning
humahamak	contemptuous
humahamon	challenging
humahampas	hitting
humahanap	looking for
humahanay	aligning
humahanga	admiring
humahangga	bordering
humahangin	blowing
humahantong	leading
humahapay	sprawling
humahapon	having dinner
humaharang	blocking
humaharap	facing
humahatol	judging
humahawa	contagious
humahawak	holding
Humahawi	It's raining.
humahayo	going
humakbang	step
humalik	kiss
humalili	take over
humalimuyak	to smell
humalinghing	moan
humalo	mix
humamak	despise
humamog	fog
humamon	challenge
humampas	strike
humanap	find
humanay	line up
humanda	get ready
humandang	get ready
humandog	offer voluntarily
humandusay	to lie down
humanga	admire
Humangin	Admire
humango	take away
humantong	lead
humapon	drunkard
humarang	block
humarap	face
humatid	lead
humatol	judge
humawa	infect
humawak	hold
humawi	disperse
humayo	go away
humibik	humbug
humiga	lie down
humigit	more or less
humihibik	sobbing
humihiga	lying down
humihigit	surpass
humihihip	blowing
humihikayat	encouraging
humihila	pulling
humihilab	languishing
humihilagpos	falling apart
humihilig	leaning
humihiling	requesting
humihimod	demanding
humihina	weakening
humihinga	breathing
humihingal	panting
humihingi	asking
humihinging	asking
humihinto	stops
humihip	blow
humihipo	touching
humihiram	borrowing
humihirang	appointing
humihitik	snoring
humihiwalay	separating
humihiya	shy
humihiyaw	screaming
humikayat	encourage
humila	pull
humilab	humilab
humilig	lean
humiling	request
humimlay	take a nap
humimod	wait
humimok	urge
humimpil	camp
humina	weaken
huminahon	calm down
huminang	soften
huminga	breathe
humingi	ask
huminging	ask for
huminto	stop
humipo	touch
humiram	borrow
humirang	appoint
humitit	suck
humiwalay	separate
humiyaw	shout
humpay	cease
Humta	Stop
humubog	shape
humudyat	signal
humugis	damp
humugong	hum
humuho	hum
humuhugas	washing
humuhugong	humming
humuhugos	flowing
humuhukay	digging
humuhula	predicting
humuhupa	subsides
humukay	dig
humukom	hummus
humula	predict
humulang	predict
humuli	catch
humupa	subside
humupang	slow down
humusay	improve
humusga	judge
huni	wood
huning	honey
hunkoy	hunko
hunyango	chameleon
Hupamita	Huphamite
Hupeo	Stupid
Hupham	Hupham
Huphamita	Huphamita
Hupim	Hupim
Huppa	Hoodie
Huppim	Huppim
hur	how
Hurai	Jew
Huram	Hiram
Huri	Change
hurno	oven
hurnong	oven
Hus	House
Husa	cover
Husai	HUSHAI
Husam	Husam
Husathita	Husathita
Husatita	You don't do it.
husay	skill
husayin	Hussein
husgado	court
husgahan	judge
Husha	Husha
Hushai	Hushai
Husham	Husham
Hushim	Hushim
Husim	Husim
hustisya	justice
husto	TRUE
hustong	proper
huwad	fake
huwag	don't
huwag 	don't 
huwaran	role model
huwarang	exemplary
Huz	Huz
Huzab	Huzab
Huzot	Huzot
huzoth	huzoth
Hymeneus	Hymeneus
iaagapay	to accompany
iaahon	to be taken up
iaakyat	to climb
iaalay	to be offered
iaalis	will be removed
iaalok	to be offered
iaanak	son
iaaral	iaaral
iaatang	tomorrow
iaayos	to be fixed
iabot	hand over
iahon	bring up
iahong	iahong
iakma	adapt
iakyat	climb
ialay	offer
ialis	remove
iangat	lift
iangat 	lift 
iaral	iaral
Iarawang	Iarawang
iasa	out
iatang	come
iayos	to fix
iba	other
iba 	other 
Ibaar	Ibaar
ibaba	bottom
ibababa	to lower
ibababâ	lower
ibabad	soak
ibabadya	to be announced
ibabagsak	to be demolished
ibabalik	will be returned
ibabalik 	will be returned 
ibabaling	turn
ibabalita	will be announced
ibabalitang	to be announced
ibabalot	to wrap
ibabang	lower
ibabangon	to be raised
ibabantog	to be famous
Ibabaon	Bury
ibabasura	will be discarded
ibabatay	to be based
ibabautismo	to be baptized
ibabaw	surface
ibabawas	subtract
ibabayad	to be paid
ibadya	eat
ibagsak	overthrow
ibahin	change
ibalik	return
ibaling	turn
ibalita	announce
ibalitang	tell
ibalot	wrap
ibang	other
ibangon	raise
Ibangong	Other
ibaon	bury
ibautismo	ibautism
ibawas	subtract
ibayad	PAYABLE
ibayo	beyond
ibayong	increase
ibayuhin	increase
ibaʼt	ibaʼt
ibaʼy	ibaʼy
ibaʼy 	ibaʼy 
ibebenta	for sale
ibenta	sell
Ibhar	Ibar
ibibigay	will be given
ibibigkis	will be tied
ibibihis	secrets
Ibibilad	To be displayed
ibibilang	to be counted
ibibilanggo	will be imprisoned
ibibili	to be sold
ibibintang	ibibintang
ibibitin	to hang
ibig	love
ibigan	love
ibigay	give
ibigi	I am a girl.
ibigin	love
ibiging	love
ibigkis	ibigkis
ibilang	consider
ibilanggo	imprison
ibili	walk
ibilin	LEA
ibinaba	lowered
ibinabâ	lowered
ibinababa	being lowered
ibinababâ	lowered
ibinabagsak	being thrown down
ibinabaka	thrown
ibinabala	warned
ibinabalabal	being discussed
ibinabalibag	being thrown away
ibinabaligtad	inverted
ibinabalik	returning
ibinabaling	being turned
ibinabalita	announced
ibinabalot	wrapped
ibinabang	lowered
ibinabangon	being resurrected
ibinabanta	posed
ibinabantog	popular
ibinabaon	buried
ibinabato	throwing
ibinabayad	paid
ibinadya	intended
ibinago	I'm still here.
ibinagsak	dropped
ibinahagi	shared
ibinala	reported
ibinalabal	wrapped
Ibinalibag	Abandoned
ibinaligtad	overturned
ibinalik	returned
Ibinalik 	Returned 
ibinaling	turned
ibinalita	announced
ibinalot	wrapped
ibinandila	flagged
ibinangon	raised
ibinangong	raised
ibinanta	threatened
ibinaon	buried
ibinasbas	blessed
ibinase	based
ibinautismo	ibinautism
ibinawas	subtracted
ibinayad	paid
ibinayad 	paid 
ibinaybay	spelled
ibinenta	sold
ibinentang	sold
ibinibida	being starred in
ibinibigay	given
ibinibigkis	being tied up
ibinibilang	counted
ibinibilanggo	imprisoned
ibinibili	being sold
ibinibilin	ordered
ibinibintang	accused
ibinibitin	hanging
ibinibiyahe	being transported
ibinigay	given
ibinigkis	tied up
ibinihis	dressed
ibinilad	exposed
ibinilang	counted
ibinilanggo	imprisoned
ibinilanggong	imprisoned
ibinili	purchased
ibinilin	ordered
Ibiniling	Requested
ibinilot	rolled up
ibinitin	hanged
ibiniyahe	traveled
ibintang	accuse
ibinubo	poured
ibinubudbod	being sprayed
ibinubugso	being thrown
ibinubuhay	revived
ibinubuhos	pouring
ibinubuka	opening
ibinubukas	opening
ibinubulong	whispered
ibinubunga	produced
ibinubungang	produced
ibinubunton	piled up
ibinuburol	being buried
ibinubuwal	being knocked down
ibinubuyo	being inspired
ibinuga	released
ibinugso	thrown
ibinuhos	poured
Ibinuhos 	Poured 
ibinuka	opened
ibinukal	opened
Ibinukang	Opened
ibinukas	opened
ibinukod	excluded
ibinulagta	thrown away
ibinulaksak	thrown
ibinulid	thrown
ibinulong	whispered
ibinulusok	thrown
ibinunga	resulted
ibinungad	brought forth
ibinunsod	provoked
ibinunton	piled up
ibinunyi	given
ibinurda	cold
ibinurol	rolled up
ibinuwal	knocked down
ibinuwelta	returned
ibinuwis	taxed
Ibis	Ibis
ibitin	hang
Ibleam	Ibleam
Ibneya	Ibn Taymiyyah
Ibnia	Ibniya
Ibnias	Ibnijah
ibo	ibo
ibon	bird
ibong	bird
Ibri	Iber
Ibsam	Ibsam
ibsan	explained
ibubo	spill
ibubugso	to blow
ibubuhos	to pour
ibubuka	to open
ibubukas	to open
ibubukod	will be excluded
Ibubukod 	To be excluded 
ibubulagta	to be thrown away
ibubulid	to be thrown
ibubunga	will bear fruit
ibubungang	fruit
ibubunton	to be piled up
ibubunyag	will be revealed
ibubunyi	to be praised
ibubuwal	will be overthrown
ibugso	to follow
ibuhos	pour
ibuka	remember
ibukas	open
ibukod	exclude
ibulalas	exclaim
ibulid	ibules
ibulong	whisper
ibunton	pile up
ibunyag	reveal
ibunyi	nose
ibutas	ibout
ibuwal	mother
Ibuwelta	Return
Ibzan	Ibzan
Icabod	Ichabod
Icces	Icces
Ichabod	Ichabod
Ichod	Ichod
Iconio	Iconio
Iconium	Iconium
Icuthiel	Icuthiel
idadaan	will pass through
idadagdag	to be added
Idadahilan	To be excused
idadaing	waiting
idadalangin	will pray
idadamay	to be involved
idadarang	will be brought
idagdag	add
idahilan	excuse
idaing	idaing
idaiti	Yiddish
Idala	It's old.
idalangin	pray
idamay	to be involved
idampot	imprint
idaos	to hold
idaragdag	to be added
idaramay	idaramay
idarang	singe
Idbas	Idbas
Iddo	To him
Ideala	The ideal
Idida	Idida
ididikit	to be glued
ididilat	ididilat
idilat	open
Idinaan	Served
idinadaan	passing through
idinadagdag	adding
idinadahila	idynadahila
idinadahilan	excused
Idinadaing	Complaining
idinadalangin	prayed for
idinadalanging	prayed for
idinadaldal	babbling
Idinadampot	Picking up
idinagdag	added
idinagsa	flooded
Idinaing	Complained
idinalamhati	grieved
idinalangin	prayed for
idinalanging	prayed for
idinamay	involved
idinampi	touched
idinampot	idinampot
idinaong	docked
idinaragdag	adding
idinarang	closed
idinaraos	held
idineklara	declared
idinemanda	sued
idineposito	deposited
idinidiin	emphasized
idinidilat	opened
idiniit	pressed
idinikdik	squeezed
idinikit	glued
idinikta	dictated
idinilat	opened
idiniposito	idiniposito
idinudulog	being brought forward
Idinudulot	Caused
idinudumi	polluted
idinugtong	added
idinulog	brought
idinulot	caused
idinusta	from idinus
idinuwahagi	thank you
idinuyan	rocked
idlip	nap
Ido	Eye
idolo	idol
idolong	idol
idudugtong	to be connected
idudulog	to be brought
idudulot	will cause
idudumi	idumm
idugtong	join
idukot	turn
idulog	escalate
idulot	cause
Idumea	Idumea
Idumeo	Idumea
Idumio	Idumea
Iduthum	Iduthum
Iezer	tarn
Ifdaya	Ifdaya
Ifdeya	Ifdeya
Ifta	Ifta
igagala	to wander
igagalang	will be respected
igaganti	will be repaid
igagapos	bound
Igagarantiya	would guarantee
igagatong	cast
igagawa	to be done
igagawad	to be awarded
Igal	Every
igala	with me
igalang	respect
igalaw	move
iganti	revenge
igatong	use for fuel
igawa	do
igawad	to award
igawi	behave
igayak	igayak
Igdalia	Igdaliah
Igdalias	Igdaliah
Igeabarim	Igeabarim
Igheal	Igheal
igib	fetch
Igiba	Destroy
igiban	give up
igigiba	destroy
igigiit	insist
igigilit	igigilit
igigin	igigin
igigipit	igigipit
igiit	insist
iginagalang	respected
iginagalaw	being moved
iginaganti	retaliated
iginagapos	being tied up
iginagatong	fueled
iginagawa	being done
iginagawad	awarded
iginala	brought
iginalak	encouraged
iginalang	respected
iginalaw	moved
iginanti	retaliated
iginapos	tied up
iginatong	burned
iginawa	made
iginawad	awarded
iginaya	prepared
iginayak	decorated
iginiba	gnome
iginigiba	being demolished
iginigiit	insists
iginiginhawa	comforting
iginiit	insisted
Iginrupo	Iginrupo
iginugulong	rolling
iginuhit	drawn
iginuho	defeated
iginulong	rolled
iginupo	demolished
iglap	moment
iglesia	church
iglesiang	church
iglesya	church
iglesyang	church
igos	FIG
igugrupo	to be grouped
iguguhit	will be drawn
iguguho	to collapse
igugulong	they roll
iguhit	draw
Iguho	The moon
igulong	roll
igupo	to destroy
igusan	fig
Ihabilin	Leave it
ihabla	sue
ihagis	throw
ihahabilin	to be entrusted
ihahabla	to be sued
ihahagis	to throw
ihahagupit	to be whipped
ihahain	to be served
ihahalaga	will be appreciated
ihahalal	to be elected
ihahaligi	to be placed
ihahalili	to be replaced
ihahalintulad	to be compared
ihahalo	to mix
ihahambing	to compare
ihahampas	to be beaten
ihahanap	to be searched
ihahanay	to be lined up
ihahanda	to be prepared
ihahandang	to be prepared
ihahandog	to be offered
ihahandog 	to be offered 
ihahandusay	to be laid to rest
ihahaplos	to be caressed
ihaharap	to present
ihahasa	to work
ihahasik	sow
ihahatid	to be delivered
ihahatol	to be judged
ihahawa	to be infected
ihahayag	to be revealed
ihain	serve
ihalal	elect
ihalo	mix
ihambing	compare
ihampas	to hit
ihanap	find
ihanay	align
ihanda	prepare
ihandang	prepare
ihandog	offer
iharap	present
ihasa	hone
ihasik	sow
ihatid	deliver
ihatol	ihatol
ihaw	broiling
ihawa	kill
Ihawak	Hold
ihawan	grille
ihawin	to grill
ihayag	reveal
ihi	because
ihiga	lay down
ihihiga	excitement
ihihilig	ihilig
Ihihinang	Soldering
ihihinto	will stop
ihihiwalay	to be separated
ihilig	incline
ihinabi	weave
ihingi	ask for
ihinto	stop
Ihion	Skin
ihip	blow
ihiwalay	separate
ihugot	draw from
ihuhulog	will be dropped
ihula	to lose
ihuli	catch
ihulog	drop
iibayuhin	will increase
iibig	love
iibigan	love
iibigin	to love
iibigin 	to love 
iibiging	will love
iibsan	buy
iidlip	take a nap
iigib	to be taken
iigkas	springs
iigsi	iigsi
iihaw	to grill
iihawin	to be grilled
iihip	to blow
iikot	to spin
iikutan	to go around
iilag	flee
iilan	a few
iilang	few
iilanglang	will rise
iiling	shake
Iim	Iim
iimbak	store
iimbakan	to store
iimbestiga	will investigate
iimbestigahan	to investigate
iimbita	will invite
Iimbitahan	To be invited
iimbot	covet
iimbutin	iimbutin
iimpok	savings
iina	there
iinalon	iinalon
iinam	in the morning
iingat	caution
iingata	will be kept
iingatan	will be kept
iingay	noise
iinggitan	envy
Iinggitin	Envy
iinis	annoyance
iinisin	to be annoyed
iinit	heat
iinom	to drink
iinsulto	insult
iinsultong	insult
iinsultuhin	to be insulted
iinteresan	to be interested in
iinuman	to drink
iinumin	to drink
iipon	save
iipunan	to save
iipunin	to collect
iiral	will exist
iisa	one
iisahin	unite
iisahing	single
iisandaan	send me
iisang	single
iisanlibo	sunflowers
iisanlibong	one thousand
iisip	thinking
iisipan	to think about
iisipin	will think
iisiping	thought
iiwan	will leave
iiwanan	will be left behind
iiwanang	will be left behind
iiwang	leave
iiwas	will avoid
iiwasan	will avoid
iiyak	to cry
iiyakan	will cry
Ije	Walking
Ijon	Green
ika	th
ikaaalam	to know
ikaaaliw	entertainment
ikaaaring	property
ikaanim	sixth
ikaapat	fourth
ikaapatnapu	fortieth
ikaapatnapung	fortieth
ikababagabag	ikababagababag
ikababalisa	it makes them sad
ikababanal	ikababanal
ikababantog	renown
ikababayad	payable
ikabahala	worry
ikabalisa	upset
ikabayad	have ability to pay
ikabit	INSTALL
ikabubuhay	livelihood
ikabubuti	for the better
ikabuti	ichabuti
ikadadakila	greatness
ikadadapa	fourth time
ikadalawampu	twentieth
ikadalawampung	twentieth
ikadalawang	second
ikadalawangpu	twentieth
ikadalawangpung	twentieth
ikadena	ikadena
ikagagalak	to be happy
ikagagaling	to come
ikagagalit	anger
ikagaganda	beauty
ikagagawa	to be done
ikagalak	to rejoice
ikaganti	ikaganti
ikagigiba	to be destroyed
ikagugulo	confusion
ikagulat	surprise
ikahahaba	length
ikahahawa	contagious
ikahihiya	shame
ikahiya	be ashamed
ikaila	deny
ikait	ikait
ikaitlo	self-control
ikakabit	attachment
ikakahiya	shame
ikakahiyang	shame
ikakaila	denial
ikakait	deny
ikakakaya	can afford
ikakalat	spread
ikakaluwalhati	glory
ikakandado	Ikandado
ikakapakinabang	will benefit
ikakapit	to apply
ikakasal	to be married
ikakasama	companionship
ikakatibay	will strengthen
ikakatuwiran	justification
Ikakatwiran	argue
ikakaway	lift
ikakawit	put
ikakikilala	you will recognize
ikakikita	I'm tired.
ikalabimpitong	seventeenth
ikalabindalawa	twelfth
ikalabindalawang	twelfth
ikalabing	eleventh
ikalabingapat	fourteenth
ikalabingdalawa	twelfth
ikalabingisa	eleventh
ikalabingisang	eleventh
ikalabinglimang	fifteenth
ikalabingtatlong	thirteenth
ikalabingwalong	eighteenth
Ikalabinlimang	Fifteenth
ikalabintatlo	thirteenth
ikalabintatlong	thirteenth
ikalalaganap	spread
ikalalakas	strength
ikalalayaw	satisfying
ikalat	spread
ikalawa	second
ikalawang	second
ikalawaʼy	secondly
ikaligtas	saved
ikalilibak	ridicule
ikaliligaya	happiness
ikaliligtas	salvation
ikalilinis	cleaning
ikalilito	confusion
ikalima	fifth
ikalimampu	fiftieth
ikalimampung	fiftieth
ikalimang	fifth
ikalimangpu	fiftieth
ikalimangpung	fiftieth
ikalugod	to please
ikalulubos	to the end
ikalulugod	will be pleased
ikalulungkot	regret
ikaluluwalhati	glory
ikalungkot	sadness
ikamalig	barn
ikamamanglaw	sadness
ikamamatay	death
ikamatay	death
ikandado	lock
ikapagiging	becoming
ikapagpapatawad	forgiveness
ikapagsasaya	fun
ikapagsisisi	regret
ikapagtatawa	to laugh at
ikapagtitibay	confirmation
ikapanaig	prevail
ikapangangaral	ikapangangaral
ikapapaging	to be
ikapapahamak	will be destroyed
ikapapahiya	to be ashamed
ikapapayapa	peacemaking
ikapito	WAS the seventh
ikapitong	seventh
ikapu	tithe
ikapupuri	fishing
ikarangal	honor
ikararangal	honor
ikararapa	ikararapa
ikaririnig	to be careful
ikarurumi	ikarurumi
ikasal	get married
ikasamâ	third
ikasampu	tenth
ikasampung	tenth
ikasangdaang	hundredth
ikasangpu	tenth
ikasangpung	tenth
ikasanlibong	thousandth
ikasasakdal	perfection
ikasasama	harm
ikasasamâ	harm
ikasasawi	fatality
ikasisira	to be destroyed
ikasisirang	destruction
ikasisiya	satisfaction
ikasiyam	NINE
ikasusulong	progress
ikatakot	to be afraid
ikatatakot	horror
ikatatatag	stability
ikatatlong	third
ikatatlongpu	thirtieth
ikatatlumpu	thirtieth
ikatatlumpung	thirtieth
ikatibay	strengthen
ikatitibay	confirmation
ikatitindig	to stand up
ikatitisod	stumble
ikatitiwasay	peace of mind
ikatlo	third
ikatlong	third
ikatutubos	redemption
ikatututo	to learn
ikatutuwa	will be happy
ikatutuwang	exciting
ikatutuwid	correction
ikauunlad	development
ikaw	you
ikawalo	eighth
ikawalong	eighth
ikawawasak	destruction
Ikaʼy	Ikaʼy
Ikes	Ikes
ikid	liquid
ikikiling	tilt
ikikilos	move
ikikindat	ikikindat
ikiling	tilt
ikilos	move
ikinaaabot	future
ikinaaapi	interview
ikinababalisa	worrying
ikinabahala	worried
ikinabit	attached
ikinabubuhay	livelihood
ikinabuhay	lived
ikinabuti	it was good
ikinadena	chained
ikinadkad	dragged
ikinagagalak	happy
ikinagagalit	annoying
ikinagalak	delighted
ikinagalit	angered
ikinagiba	destroyed
ikinagiging	becoming
Ikinahahanga	Admirable
ikinahahapis	sad
ikinahihiya	shameful
ikinahihiyang	ashamed
ikinahiya	ashamed
ikinahuli	late
ikinaigi	Ikinaigi
ikinaila	denied
ikinait	denied
ikinakahiya	ashamed
ikinakaila	denied
ikinakain	eaten
ikinakalat	spreading
ikinakampay	waving
ikinakapit	applied
ikinakarga	loading
ikinakasal	getting married
ikinakita	seen
ikinalalayo	distanced
ikinalat	spread
Ikinaliligaya	Happy
ikinalugod	pleased
ikinalulugod	pleased
ikinalulumbay	depressed
Ikinalulungkot	Sorry
ikinalungkot	saddened
ikinamalig	was stored
ikinamanglaw	sadness
ikinamatay	died
ikinamay	carried
ikinandado	locked
ikinapaging	turned into a page
ikinapagtungayaw	cursed
ikinapoot	hated
ikinararangal	honored
ikinarga	loaded
ikinargang	loaded
ikinaroon	there was
ikinarurumal	ikinarurumal
ikinasal	married
ikinasalangsang	violation
ikinasasama	harmful
ikinasasawa	boring
ikinasilo	trapped
ikinasisiya	pleasing
ikinatakot	scared
ikinatatakot	scary
ikinatutuwa	pleased
ikinatuwa	pleased
ikinayamot	irritating
ikinikilos	moving
Ikinikindat	Winking
ikinikiya	laughing
ikiniling	tilted
ikintal	impress
ikinubli	hidden
ikinuha	taken
ikinukubli	concealed
ikinukulong	imprisoned
ikinukumpara	compared
ikinukwento	telling a story
ikinulong	imprisoned
ikinumpas	waved
ikinuskos	pre-infant
ikinuwento	told
Ikkes	Not at all
ikli	short
iklog	wise
ikot	round
ikubli	hide
ikuha	take
ikukubli	to be hidden
ikukuha	to take
ikukulong	to be imprisoned
ikukumpara	to compare
ikukumpas	to beat
Ikukuwento	I will tell you a story.
ikukwintas	it is in the sky
ikulong	lock up
Ikumusta	Say hello
ikutan	join in
ikutin	follow
ikuwento	tell a story
ikuwintas	ikuwintas
ila	except
ilaan	allocate
ilaban	fight
ilabas	release
iladlad	LIMIT
ilaga	seethe
ilagak	to deposit
ilagan	avoid
ilagay	put
ilagay 	put 
ilagda	in the thread
ilagi	space
ilahad	present
Ilai	Elias
ilakas	strengthen
ilakip	attach
ilalaan	to be allocated
ilalaban	to fight
ilalabas	to be released
ilalabi	to be left behind
ilaladlad	I'll be there.
ilalagak	to be placed
ilalagay	to be placed
Ilalagay 	To be placed 
ilalagi	stay
ilalagpak	to drop
ilalahad	to be presented
ilalahok	to participate
ilalakad	to walk
ilalakas	to strengthen
ilalalang	will be created
ilalantad	to expose
ilalapag	to be landed
ilalapat	to be applied
ilalapit	to bring closer
ilalatag	to be laid out
ilalaylay	to hang
ilalayo	keep away
ilalim	bottom
ilan	some
ilang	wilderness
Ilanta	Ilan
Ilantad	Expose
ilap	wilderness
ilapag	lay down
ilapat	apply
ilapit	bring closer
ilarawan	describe
ilatag	lay out
ilaw	light
ilawan	lamp
ilawang	lamp
ilawit	lantern
ilaylay	I'm tired.
ilayo	keep away
ilibing	bury
ilibot	to go around
iligaw	mislead
iligpit	tidy up
iligtas	rescue
ilihim	keep secret
Ilikha	The girl
iliko	where is it
ililibing	to be buried
ililigaw	will be misled
ililigpit	will be put away
ililigtas	will be saved
ililigtas 	will be saved 
ililihim	to keep secret
ililihis	will be diverted
ililiko	where was it
ilililis	ilililis
ililipat	to be transferred
ililista	to be listed
ililitaw	illiterate
ilimos	give as alms
iling	shake
ilingap	lingap
ilingid	keep in secret
ilipad	fly
ilipat	move
Ilirico	Illyricum
Iliricum	Illyrian
ilista	list
ilitaw	fight
ilitin	it was
ilog	river
ilong	nose
ilubog	immerse
ilugay	undo
ilugmok	knock down
iluha	shed tears
iluhod	bend
ilulan	to carry
ilulubog	to be immersed
ilulugay	to be placed
Ilulugmok	Will be destroyed
ilulugso	to drop
iluluha	tired
iluluklok	to be installed
ilulunsad	to be launched
ilulupi	it was a long time ago
ilulusong	will bring
iluluto	to cook
iluluwa	spit out
iluluwal	to be born
iluluwalhati	to glorify
ilusong	immerse in water
iluto	cook
iluwa	spit out
iluwal	give birth
imahen	IMAGES
imaheng	image
imbak	storage
imbakan	storage
imbakin	save
imbento	invention
imbestiga	investigate
imbestigahan	investigate
imbestigahang	investigation
imbita	invite
imbitahan	invite
imbitahin	invite
imbot	covet
imbutan	intoxicated
Imer	Name
imik	mute
iminulat	opened
iminumungkahi	suggest
iminungkahi	proposed
iminungkahing	suggested
Imla	Fill in
Immer	Always
Imna	Anthem
Imnaita	Imnaita
imno	song
imoral	immoral
imoralidad	immorality
imoralidad 	immorality 
Imperyo	Empire
impierno	imperial
impis	on the verge
impiyerno	hell
impluwensya	influences
impok	savings
imposible	impossible
imposibleng	impossible
impukin	impact
impyerno	hell
Imra	Imra
Imrai	Imrai
Imri	Name
imulat	to write
ina	so
inaaaringganap	being executed
inaabangan	looking forward to
Inaabatan	Waiting
inaabot	reaching
inaabuso	abused
inaagasan	leaking
inaagasang	being poured
inaagaw	being kidnapped
inaagawan	being fought over
inaagusan	flowing
inaahon	my dear
inaakala	supposedly
Inaakala 	Supposedly 
inaakalang	supposedly
inaakap	embraced
inaakay	being led
inaakbayan	being carried
Inaako	I accept.
inaakusa	accused
inaakusahan	accused
inaakyat	climbing
inaalaala	remembering
inaalaalang	remembered
inaalagaan	cared for
inaalagaang	cared for
inaalala	worried
inaalalayan	supported
inaalam	being informed
inaalihan	possessed
inaalimura	insulted
inaalipin	enslaved
inaalipusta	insulted
inaalis	being removed
inaalisan	being removed
inaaliw	entertained
inaalmusal	inalmusal
inaalok	offered
inaalumana	it hurts
inaamag	moldy
inaamin	admitting
inaaming	admitted
inaamoamo	pampered
inaampong	adopted child
inaangkat	imported
inaangkin	claimed
inaani	harvest
inaani 	harvest 
inaanihan	harvest
inaanyayahan	invited
inaanyuan	built
inaapawan	flooded
inaapi	oppressed
inaapoy	being set on fire
inaapura	inaapura
inaapuyan	inaapuyan
inaaralan	being studied
inaararo	plowed
inaari	owned
inaaring	considered
inaaruga	cared for
inaasahan	expected
inaasahang	expected
inaasal	behaved
inaasam	expected
inaasikaso	being attended to
inaatasan	assigned
inaatupag	mother-in-law
inaawit	sung
inaawitan	sung
inaayawan	unwelcome
inaayos	being repaired
inaayunan	approved
inabangan	anticipated
Inabatan	Inabatan
inabot	reached
inabuso	abused
inabutan	overtaken
inagap	provided
inagapan	took
inagasan	treated
inagaw	kidnapped
inagawan	stolen
inahin	hen
inahing	mother
inahit	shaved
inahitan	inahitan
inahon	uploaded
inakala	thought
inakalang	thought
inakay	led
inakbayan	carried by the arms
inakit	attracted
inakmaan	inakman
Inako	Accepted
inaksaya	wasted
inakusahan	accused
inalaala	remembered
inalagaan	cared for
inalagaang	cared for
inalala	remembered
inalalayan	supported
inalam	investigated
inalihan	ineligible
inalimura	it is beautiful
inalipin	enslaved
inaliping	inalyping
inalipusta	insulted
inalis	removed
inalisan	removed
inaliw	entertained
inalog	shaken
inalok	offered
inalumana	inalumana
inam	belief
inamin	admitted
inampon	adopted
inang	mother
inangkin	claimed
inani	price
inaning	harvested
inano	dwarf
Inanod	Drifted
inantok	sleepy
inanyayahan	invited
inanyayahang	invited
inanyo	inanyo
inanyuan	carved
inanyuang	modified
inapawan	inapawan
inapi	oppressed
inapo	descendant
inapuhap	groped
inapura	inapura
inaralan	studied
inararo	plowed
inararong	plowed
inari	inari
inaring	considered
inaruga	nurtured
inasahan	expected
inasahang	expected
inasal	behaved
inasikaso	being taken care of
inasinan	salted
inat	stubbornness
inatake	attacked
inatangan	whereas
inatasan	assigned
inatipan	taken care of
inawat	denied
inaway	fought
inawit	sung
Inay	To
inayawan	rejected
inayos	arranged
inayunan	supported
incienso	incense
India	India
inembalsama	I am in love.
inembalsamo	inembalm
Ineng	Mother
ingat	remember
ingatan	memory
ingatang	take care
ingatangyaman	Treasury
ingay	noise
inggit	envy
inggitan	envy
inggitin	envy
Inginudngod	I am tired.
ingles	English
iniaabot	reaching
iniaagapay	counting
iniaahon	iniaahon
iniaakma	iniaakma
iniaakyat	thisisthepeople
iniaalay	offered
iniaalis	being removed
iniaaral	iniaral
iniaasinta	being loved
iniaatang	assigned
iniabot	handed over
iniahon	raised
iniakma	adapted
iniakyat	climbed
inialay	offered
inialis	removed
inialiw	entertained
inianak	born
iniangat	lifted
Iniangkop	Adapted
inianyo	intentionally
iniaral	inital
iniatang	assigned
iniatas	assigned
iniayos	arranged
inibig	fell in love
inibsan	this is it
inigib	pulled
inigiban	kidnapped
inihabilin	entrusted
inihabla	sued
inihadlang	endangered
inihagis	thrown
inihahagis	being thrown
inihahain	served
inihahalal	elected
inihahalo	mixed
Inihahalukipkip	Arms crossed
inihahanay	being lined up
inihahanda	being prepared
inihahandang	being prepared
inihahandog	offered
inihaharap	presented
inihahasik	being sown
inihahatid	being delivered
inihahawa	infected
inihahawak	being held
inihahayag	is being revealed
inihain	served
inihaing	submitted
inihalaga	valued
inihalal	elected
inihalili	replaced
Inihalintulad	Likened
inihalo	mixed
inihambing	compared
inihampas	slapped
inihanap	searched
inihanay	aligned
inihanda	prepared
inihandang	prepared
inihandog	offered
inihandulong	attacked
inihandusay	laid out
iniharap	presented
inihasa	trained
inihasik	sown
inihatid	delivered
inihatol	sentenced
inihaw	grilled
inihawa	relieved
inihayag	announced
inihiga	laid down
inihihilagpos	being thrown
Inihihinga	Breathing
inihihinto	being stopped
inihihiwalay	separated
inihihiyaw	shouted
inihilagpos	thrown
inihilig	inclined
inihinga	insurance
inihingi	requested
inihiwalay	separated
inihiyaw	shouted
inihudyat	this ishudyat
inihugos	inihugos
inihuhugos	being poured
inihuhula	predicted
inihuhulog	being dropped
Inihukay	Inihukay
inihula	predicted
inihuli	arrested
inihulog	dropped
iniibig	loved
iniigib	iniquitous
iniihaw	grilled
iniilagan	avoided
iniimbita	invited
iniimbot	coveted
iniimpit	enters
iniingatan	kept
iniingatang	kept
iniinis	annoyed
iniinit	heated
iniinom	drinking
iniinsulto	insulted
iniintindi	understood
iniinuman	drinking
iniipon	saved
iniiring	iniiring
iniirog	loved
iniisip	thinking
iniismiran	inismirana
iniiwan	abandoned
iniiwanan	abandoned
iniiwasan	avoided
iniiyakan	crying
inikid	people
inikot	rotated
inikutan	surrounded
inilaan	intended
inilaang	reserved
inilabas	released
inilabi	lipped
iniladlad	unfolded
inilaga	boiled
inilagak	deposited
inilagay	placed
inilagda	signed
inilagpak	dropped
inilagpas	missed
inilahad	presented
inilakad	walked
inilakas	strengthened
inilakip	attached
inilalaan	allocated
inilalabas	being released
inilalabi	leftover
inilaladlad	unfolding
inilalagak	being deposited
inilalagay	is being placed
inilalagda	being signed
inilalahad	presented
inilalakad	walking
inilalakas	being strengthened
inilalantad	exposing
inilalapag	being laid down
inilalapat	applied
inilalapit	being approached
Inilalarawan	Described
inilalatag	being laid out
inilalawit	hanging
inilalayo	being kept away
inilamang	preferred
inilantad	exposed
inilapag	laid down
inilapat	applied
inilapit	brought closer
inilatag	laid out
inilathala	published
inilawit	hanging
inilayo	moved away
iniliban	postponed
inilibing	buried
inilibot	toured
iniligaw	misled
iniligay	placed
iniligid	rolled
iniligpit	put away
iniligtas	rescued
inilihim	kept secret
inilihis	diverted
iniliko	twisted
inililibing	being buried
inililigaw	being misled
inililigtas	being rescued
inililiguwak	being watched
inililihim	kept secret
inililiko	being turned
inililipad	being flown
inililipat	being transferred
inililista	listed
inililitaw	appearing
inilingid	inlinks
inilingon	turned
inilipad	flown
inilipat	moved
inilista	listed
inilitaw	uncovered
inilubog	immersed
inilugmok	overthrown
iniluklok	installed
inilulan	loaded
inilulugmok	being demolished
iniluluhod	kneeling
inilusong	brought
iniluto	cooked
iniluwa	spat out
iniluwal	born
inimbak	stored
Inimbestigahan	Investigated
inimbita	invited
inimbitahan	invited
inimbitang	invited
inimbot	inimbot
inimpok	inimpok
iningatan	kept
iningatang	kept
ininis	annoyed
ininom	drank
ininsulto	insulted
inintindi	understood
ininuman	drunk
inip	get off
inipit	squeezed
inipon	saved
inipong	collected
inirapan	made difficult
iniraratay	being killed
inireklamo	complained about
inirereklamo	complained about
iniring	this is ringing
inirolyo	rolled
Inisa	Insisted
inisip	thought
init	heat
initan	heater
iniubos	bowed
iniukit	engraved
iniukol	dedicated
iniulat	reported
iniumang	pointed out
iniuna	prioritized
iniunat	stretched
iniupa	inupa
iniupasala	inupasala
iniurong	withdrawn
iniutos	ordered
iniuugoy	swinging
iniuukol	dedicated
iniuunat	iniquitous
iniuupasala	Inyophasala
iniuupo	inuupo
iniuurong	withdrawn
iniuutos	ordered
iniuuwi	being taken home
iniuwi	brought home
iniwaksi	rejected
iniwala	lost
iniwalat	revealed
iniwan	left
iniwanan	abandoned
iniwang	left
iniwas	avoided
iniwasak	destroyed
iniwasan	avoided
iniwasiwas	waved away
iniwawaksi	cast
iniwawangis	likened
iniwisik	thiswisik
iniyakan	cried
iniyaman	iniyaman
iniyamba	I started.
iniyaon	initial
iniyukayok	bowed
iniyuko	bowed down
iniyukod	bowed
inom	within
inordinahan	clergy
inosente	innocent
inosenteng	innocent
insekto	insect
insektong	insect
insenso	INCENSE
insensong	insensong
instrumento	instrument
instrumentong	instrument
insulto	stroke
insultong	insult
insultuhin	insult
intensyon	intention
interes	interest
interpretasyon	interpretation
intindihin	understand
inubos	consumed
inudyukan	prompted
inuga	shaken
inugali	tack
inuka	get up
inukab	dug up
inukit	carved
inukitan	engraved
inukitang	engraved
Inulan	It rained.
inulanan	rained
inulila	orphan
inulinig	listened to
inulit	repeated
inuman	drink
inumang	drink
inumin	drink
inuming	beverage
inumog	inumog
inumpisahan	started
Inuna	First
inunahan	preceded
inunan	placenta
inunang	first
inunat	stretched
inunawa	understood
inuod	inuod
inupahan	rented
inupasala	insulted
inupasalaan	being prayed for
inupuan	seated
inusig	persecuted
inusisa	questioned
inutang	owed
inutangan	owed
inutas	inuates
inutil	useless
inutos	ordered
inutusan	ordered
inutusang	ordered
inuubos	being consumed
inuudyukan	motivated
inuuga	shaking
inuukit	engraving
inuulan	it is raining
inuulila	orphan
inuulit	repeated
inuuna	prioritized
inuunan	not enough
inuunat	stretching
inuunawa	understand
inuuod	wormy
inuupahan	rented
inuupasala	being filtered
inuupuan	seated
inuusal	spoken
inuusig	persecuted
inuusisa	being investigated
inuutos	ordered
inuutusan	ordered
inuutusang	ordered
inuwian	homecoming
inuyam	inuyasha
inyo	yours
inyo 	yours 
inyoinyong	youyouyou
inyong	your
inyong 	your 
inyoʼy	inyoʼy
inyu	you
Iob	Iob
Ion	Ion
ipa	violence
ipaaahon	to be raised
ipaaalaala	to remind
ipaaalam	to inform
Ipaaalis	Get rid of
ipaaaninaw	shew
ipaabot	BADING
ipaahit	get a shave
ipaalaala	remind
ipaalala	remind
ipaalam	inform
ipaalipin	enslave
Ipaalis	Get out
ipaaninaw	make known
ipaari	end
Ipaasikaso	Ipaasisakaso
Ipaawit	Sing
ipaayos	to have it repaired
ipababakbak	to be beaten
ipababanggit	to be mentioned
ipababasa	to be read
ipababatid	to be informed
ipabali	cancel
ipabalik	reclaim
ipabasa	have it read
ipabatid	inform
ipabayad	will charge
ipabibilanggo	will be imprisoned
ipabigay	to give
ipabihag	exile
ipabilang	to be included
ipabilanggo	commit
ipabitin	hang
ipabubuwal	will cause
ipabunot	to be drawn
ipadadala	to be sent
ipadadalang	to be sent
ipadadanas	to suffer
ipadakip	arrest
ipadala	send
ipadalang	transmit
ipadama	to make feel
ipadanas	ipadanas
ipadarakip	to be arrested
ipadarama	to make feel
Ipadaranas	To suffer
ipadpad	carry
ipadudukit	ipadukit
Ipadudumog	Crowded
ipag	sister-in-law
ipagaalis	bring them
ipagagapas	to be mowed
ipagahong	brought up
ipagamit	to use
ipagamot	get treated
ipagawa	to have done
ipagayuno	fast
ipagbabawal	to be banned
ipagbabayad	to be paid
Ipagbadya	Say goodbye
ipagbangon	put it on
ipagbaon	bury
ipagbawal	prohibit
ipagbibigay	to be given
ipagbibili	for sale
ipagbibilin	to sell
ipagbigay	let
ipagbili	sell
ipagbilin	to instruct
ipagbiling	to sell
ipagbububo	to pour
ipagbububuwal	to be overthrown
ipagbubuhos	to pour
ipagbubunyi	to be celebrated
ipagbuhos	pour
ipagbunyi	to celebrate
ipagdadala	to be carried
ipagdadalamhati	to be mourned
ipagdadamot	to be pitied
ipagdamdam	to feel sorry for
ipagdamot	to be stingy
ipagdaramdam	to be hurt
ipagdidiwang	to celebrate
ipagdiriwang	to celebrate
ipagdiwang	celebrate
ipagdurusa	to suffer
ipaggagawa	to be made
ipaggawa	to do
ipaggiling	ipaggiling
ipaghahagis	to throw
Ipaghahampasan	To be beaten
ipaghahanda	to prepare
ipaghahandog	to be offered
ipaghain	to sacrifice
ipaghalo	mix
ipaghambog	brag
ipaghanda	prepare
ipaghandog	to offer
ipaghiganti	take revenge
ipaghihiganti	take revenge
Ipaghihiganti 	Revenge 
ipaghugas	to wash
ipaghuhukom	to be judged
ipagiba	ipagiba
Ipagigiba	The devil
ipagkaila	deny
ipagkait	deny
ipagkakagana	to be enriched
Ipagkakaila	Denial
ipagkakailangan	will be needed
ipagkakait	to be denied
ipagkakaloob	will be provided
ipagkakanulo	to be betrayed
ipagkakasala	to be guilty
ipagkakasundo	to reconcile
ipagkakatiwala	to be entrusted
ipagkaloob	to grant
ipagkanulo	betray
ipagkapuri	to be praised
ipagkasala	to be guilty
ipagkatiwala	entrust
ipaglaan	to provide
ipaglaban	fight for
ipaglagay	to put
ipaglalaban	to fight
ipaglalagay	to be placed
ipaglihi	conceive
ipaglilingkod	to serve
ipaglingkod	to serve
ipagluksa	mourn
ipagluluksa	to mourn
ipagluluto	to cook
ipagluto	cook
ipagmadali	hurry up
ipagmalaki	be proud of
ipagmalaking	to be proud of
ipagmalasakit	to care about
ipagmamalaki	be proud of
Ipagmamalaking	Proudly
ipagmamapuri	to be proud of
ipagmapuri	to boast
ipagmatapang	be brave
ipagmayabang	boast
ipagpabukas	to be opened tomorrow
ipagpag	shake
ipagpagawa	to be made
ipagpalagay	suppose
ipagpaliban	postpone
ipagpalit	exchange
ipagpapaalat	to be salted
ipagpapabukas	to be postponed
ipagpapagawa	to be made
ipagpapahinga	to rest
ipagpapaliban	postpone
ipagpapalit	to exchange
ipagpapatuloy	will be continued
ipagpasok	insert
Ipagpatawad	Forgive
ipagpatawag	summon
ipagpatuloy	continue
Ipagpaumanhin	Excuse me.
ipagpauna	put forward
ipagpipilitan	insist
ipagpipista	to feast
ipagpuno	rule
ipagsabi	tell
ipagsakdal	to prosecute
ipagsama	combine
ipagsamang	combine
ipagsanggalang	protect
ipagsasabi	to be told
ipagsasama	to be combined
ipagsasanggalang	to be protected
ipagsasapalaran	to be risked
ipagsawsaw	to dip
ipagsigawan	shout out
ipagsisigawan	to shout
ipagsunog	burn
ipagsusulit	to be tested
ipagsusuot	to wear
ipagtagubilin	to recommend
ipagtanggol	defend
ipagtanim	to plant
ipagtanong	ask a question
ipagtapat	confess
ipagtataan	to be kept
ipagtatabuyan	to be expelled
ipagtatali	to tie
ipagtatanggol	to defend
ipagtatanim	to be planted
ipagtatanong	to be questioned
Ipagtatapat	Confession
ipagtatatapon	will be exiled
ipagtatayo	to be built
ipagtayo	build
ipagtipon	gather
ipagugulo	to be disturbed
ipagugunita	to be commemorated
ipagusisa	to investigate
ipagutos	command
ipaguutos	command
ipagwalang	to dismiss
ipagwawalang	to be dismissed
ipagyabang	boast
ipagyayabang	to boast
ipahagupit	to be whipped
ipahahabol	to be pursued
ipahahagis	to be thrown
ipahahagupit	to be whipped
ipahahayag	to declare
ipahakot	to be hauled
ipahamak	destroy
ipahanap	have it searched
ipahanda	have it prepared
ipahatid	to deliver
Ipahawak	Hold it
ipahayag	DECLARE
ipahid	apply with a brush
ipahihintulot	will be allowed
ipahila	cause to be hauled to a certain place
ipahintulot	allow
ipahipo	ipahipo
ipahiwatig	indicate
ipahiya	humiliate
ipahuli	to be arrested
ipaiinom	ipaiinom
ipailalim	to subject
ipainom	ipaneum
ipaipon	ipaipon
ipaiwan	leave behind
ipakabit	cause smth. to be installed
ipakain	to feed
ipakakain	to feed
ipakakaladkad	to drag
ipakakalag	to be released
Ipakakamkam	To be seized
ipakakasal	to marry
ipakakayas	to be driven
Ipakamit	Get
ipakasal	get married
ipakikialam	to interfere
ipakikilala	to introduce
ipakikilalang	to be introduced
ipakikinig	to listen to
ipakikipaglaban	to fight
ipakikipaglabang	to fight
ipakikipagtalo	to argue
ipakikipagtipan	to make an appointment
ipakikita	to show
ipakikiusap	please
ipakilala	introduce
ipakilalang	introduce
ipakinig	listen
ipakipagkatuwa	make yourself happy
ipakipaglaban	fight for
ipakita	show
ipakitang	show that
ipakiusap	please
ipako	nail
ipakpak	strike
ipakuha	have taken from
ipakukulong	to be imprisoned
ipakulong	to imprison
ipalagay	assume
ipalalagay	to be placed
Ipalalamon	Swallow
Ipalalapa	Spread
ipalalapastangan	to be blasphemed
ipalalasap	to be tasted
ipalasap	spread
ipalibing	to bury
ipalilimot	make you forget
ipalilipol	ipalilipol
ipaliliwanag	explain
ipalinis	have it cleaned
ipalipol	destroy
ipalit	substitute
ipaliwanag	explain
ipalulugay	to be postponed
ipalupig	to conquer
ipamahagi	distribute
ipamahamak	to be humiliated
ipamalas	demonstrate
ipamalita	spread the word
ipamalitang	publish
ipamamahagi	to be distributed
ipamamahala	to be managed
ipamamalita	to be announced
ipamamana	bequeath
ipamana	bequeath
ipamanhik	beg
Ipamartilyo	Hammer
ipamatay	to be killed
ipambayad	to be paid
ipambili	to buy
ipamigay	give away
ipamimigay	to be given away
ipamuhay	to live
ipamukha	show off
ipamuksa	exterminate
ipamumuksa	to be exterminated
ipamumungkahi	provoke
ipamungkahi	provoke
ipanalangin	pray
ipananalangin	pray for
ipananalot	to be plagued
ipananata	ask
ipanata	swear
ipanatag	reassure
ipang	snake
ipangako	promise
Ipangalakal	Trade
ipangalan	name
ipanganak	to be born
ipangangalakal	to trade
ipangangalan	to name
ipanganganak	to be born
ipangangaral	to be preached
ipangaral	preach
ipangasiwa	to supervise
ipangbibinhi	to inseminate
ipanggatong	burn
ipanggilalas	to be amazed
ipanghagis	throw
ipanghandog	to offer
ipanghiganti	avenge
ipanghihiganti	avenge
ipanghuhugas	wash
ipangilin	to keep
ipangingilin	keep
ipangingiling	shall keep
ipangkayod	scrape
ipanglaba	washing
ipanglukso	leap
ipangpatay	slaughter
ipangpigil	restrain
ipangpuri	sing
ipangtagpi	to sew
ipangtubos	make atonement
ipangtutubos	to be redeemed
ipangtutulog	to sleep
ipanguna	lead
Ipanhik	Ipanak
ipantakip	cover
ipantay	equalize
ipantutulak	to be pushed
ipanumpa	swear
ipanungayaw	reproach
ipapaahit	to be shaved
ipapaalala	will be reminded
ipapaalam	will inform
Ipapaalipin	To be enslaved
Ipapaalis	To be expelled
ipapaani	to be harvested
ipapaasawa	to be married
ipapabakbak	to be vaccinated
ipapabihag	will be taken prisoner
Ipapabilanggo	To be imprisoned
ipapadala	to be sent
Ipapadama	To be felt
ipapadpad	to be set adrift
ipapagawa	to be made
ipapahamak	to destroy
ipapahanap	to be searched
ipapahayag	to be announced
ipapahid	to be applied
ipapahintulot	will be allowed
ipapahiya	will be humiliated
ipapahuli	will be delayed
ipapailalim	placed under
ipapailalim 	placed under 
ipapaimbak	to be stored
ipapainom	to be given a drink
ipapaiwan	will be left behind
ipapakain	to be fed
ipapakasal	to be married
ipapakilala	to introduce
ipapakita	to be shown
ipapakiusap	please
ipapako	to be crucified
ipapakpak	to clap
ipapalamuti	to be decorated
ipapalasap	to be tasted
ipapalibing	to be buried
ipapalit	to be replaced
ipapaliwanag	will explain
ipapalupig	to be conquered
ipapalusob	to be invaded
ipapamahagi	to be distributed
ipapamahala	to be managed
ipapamana	bequeathed
ipapamanang	to be inherited
ipapamigay	to be distributed
ipapamukha	to be shown
ipapana	shoot
ipapanalangin	to pray
ipapanaog	bring
ipapangako	to promise
ipapangalan	to be named
ipapangalat	to be spread
ipapanganak	to be born
ipapangaral	to be preached
ipapantay	equal
Ipapapasan	To be carried
ipapapatay	to be killed
ipapaputol	to be cut
ipaparanas	to be trained
ipaparatang	to accuse
Ipaparinig	Will be heard
ipaparis	compare
ipaparusa	will be punished
ipapasakop	to be submitted
ipapasalakay	to be attacked
ipapasamsam	to be confiscated
ipapasan	to carry
ipapasara	will be closed
ipapasok	to be admitted
Ipapasuka	Will be induced to vomit
Ipapasundo	Send a message
ipapasuot	to be worn
ipapasuri	to be examined
ipapatago	will be hidden
ipapatalo	to be defeated
Ipapatangay	To be carried away
ipapatanggal	will be removed
ipapatapon	to be exiled
ipapatapong	to be exiled
ipapataw	will be imposed
ipapatawad	to be forgiven
ipapatawag	will be summoned
Ipapatawag 	Summoned 
ipapatay	death
ipapatayo	to be built
ipapatayong	to be erected
ipapatigil	will be stopped
ipapatong	to be placed
ipapatupad	to be implemented
ipapaubaya	will be left alone
ipapaubos	to be lowered
ipapaunawa	will be explained
ipapawalang	dismissed
ipapawasak	will be destroyed
ipapayo	to advise
ipapighati	oppress
ipaputol	cut
iparanas	to season
ipararanas	insignia
ipararatang	imputed
iparatang	to accuse
iparating	convey
iparinig	to be heard
iparinig 	to be heard 
iparirinig	to be heard
iparirito	send here
iparis	Iparis
ipasabi	to be informed
ipasailalim	to submit
ipasakop	subordinate
ipasalaula	to be introduced
ipasaliksik	Have
ipasampal	ipasample
ipasan	carry smth. on a shoulder
ipasasabi	to be informed
ipasasalakay	to be attacked
ipasasamsam	to be confiscated
ipasasara	to be closed
ipasensus	take a census
ipasilong	shelter
Ipasisira	Pass it.
ipasiya	decide
ipasok	enter
ipastol	ipastol
ipasubok	a test
ipasulat	to write
ipasundo	send
ipasuot	to wear
ipasuri	have it checked
ipasusugo	shall send
ipasusumpa	to be sworn in
ipasusundo	send
ipasusunog	burned
Ipasusuot	Let me wear it.
ipasya	decide
ipatago	cause smth. to be kept in a safe place
Ipatahi	Ipatahi
ipatak	drop
ipatalastas	to announce
ipatapon	exile
ipatapos	order the completion of
ipatatadtad	to be chopped
ipatatago	to hide
ipatatagpo	to be brought together
ipatatalastas	to be announced
ipatatambak	to be piled up
ipatatapon	to be exiled
ipatatawad	will be forgiven
ipatatawag	to be summoned
ipatatayo	to be built
ipataw	impose
ipatawad	forgive
ipatawag	summon
ipatay	death
ipatayo	what will happen
ipatigil	stop
ipatitigil	stop
ipatong	lay
ipatubos	ransom
ipatuli	to be circumcised
ipatupad	implement
ipatutubos	to be redeemed
ipatutupok	to be smoked
ipaubaya	let go
ipaukit	ipaukits
ipaunawa	make understood
ipauubaya	to be left alone
ipauulan	the ipauulan
ipauurong	will cause
ipawalang	dismiss
ipawawalang	to be dismissed
ipawawasak	to be destroyed
Iphdaias	Iphdeiah
Iphta	Ifta
ipihit	turn
ipikit	close your eyes
ipili	choose
ipilit	insist
ipina	given
ipinaa	given
ipinaaalaala	reminds
Ipinaaalala	Reminder
ipinaaalam	informed
ipinaabot	conveyed
ipinaagaw	kidnapped
ipinaahon	sent out
ipinaalaala	reminded
Ipinaalala	Reminded
ipinaalam	informed
ipinaalipin	enslaved
ipinaalis	dismissed
ipinaangkin	claimed
ipinaaninaw	reflected
ipinaanod	drifted
Ipinaari	Owned
Ipinaasikaso	Taking care of
ipinaayos	repaired
ipinababa	lowered
ipinababalik	returning
ipinababatid	informed
ipinabalik	returned
Ipinabalita	Announced
ipinabasa	read
ipinabatid	informed
ipinabibigay	given
ipinabibihag	being held captive
ipinabihag	taken prisoner
ipinabilanggo	imprisoned
ipinabitay	hanged
ipinabitin	hanged
ipinabiyak	split
ipinabugbog	beaten
ipinabusabos	forced
ipinabuwis	taxed
ipinadadala	being sent
ipinadakip	arrested
ipinadala	sent
ipinadalang	sent
ipinadama	made to feel
ipinadaos	held
ipinadarama	made to feel
ipinadpad	cast adrift
ipinadukit	smuggled
ipinadurog	crushed
ipinag	given
ipinagagawa	commissioned
ipinagalab	set on fire
ipinagamit	used
ipinagapos	tied up
ipinagawa	ordered to be made
ipinagaya	encouraged
ipinagbabagsak	being demolished
ipinagbabawal	forbidden
ipinagbadya	advertised
ipinagbangon	raised
ipinagbawal	banned
ipinagbibigay	given
ipinagbibili	for sale
ipinagbibilin	for sale
ipinagbibiling	for sale
ipinagbigay	given
ipinagbili	sold
ipinagbilin	instructed
ipinagbiling	sold
ipinagbubo	poured out
ipinagbuhos	poured out
Ipinagbukod	Excluded
ipinagbuntis	impregnated
ipinagbunyi	praised
ipinagdamdam	resented
ipinagdaramdam	being hurt
ipinagdidiwang	celebrated
ipinagdiinan	stressed
ipinagdiriwang	celebrated
ipinagdiwang	celebrated
ipinaggawa	made
ipinaggigiitan	insisted
ipinaghagis	thrown
ipinaghahagisan	being thrown
ipinaghahanay	aligned
Ipinaghahanda	Preparing
ipinaghaing	offered
Ipinaghampasan	Struck down
ipinaghanda	prepared
ipinaghari	ruled
ipinaghasik	sown
ipinaghiganti	avenged
ipinaghiwalay	separated
ipinaghusay	improved
ipinagiba	changed
ipinagimbot	coveted
ipinagkaiba	differentiated
Ipinagkaila	Denied
ipinagkait	denied
ipinagkakait	denied
ipinagkakaloob	granted
ipinagkakanulo	betrayed
ipinagkakapuri	proud of
ipinagkakapuring	praised
ipinagkakatiwala	entrusted
ipinagkaloob	granted
ipinagkanulo	betrayed
ipinagkaroon	had
ipinagkasakit	suffered
ipinagkasala	convicted
ipinagkasundo	reconciled
ipinagkatiwala	entrusted
ipinagkubli	concealed
ipinagkukubli	hidden
ipinagkukulang	missing
ipinagkulay	colored
ipinaglaan	provided
ipinaglaban	fought for
ipinaglabas	released
ipinagladlad	unfolded
ipinaglagay	placed
ipinaglakad	walked
ipinaglalaban	being fought for
ipinaglalagay	placed
ipinaglihi	conceived
ipinaglilihi	conceived
ipinaglilingkod	served
ipinaglingkod	served
ipinagluksa	mourned
ipinaglulubog	immersed
ipinagluluto	being cooked
ipinagluto	cooked
ipinagmalaki	boasted
ipinagmalasakit	concerned
ipinagmamalaki	proud
ipinagmamalaking	proud of
ipinagmamalasakit	cared about
ipinagmamapuri	proud of
ipinagpag	shaken
ipinagpagawa	commissioned
ipinagpahinga	rested
ipinagpala	blessed
ipinagpalalo	proud of
ipinagpaliban	postponed
ipinagpalit	exchanged
ipinagpapalit	exchanged
ipinagpapasalamat	grateful
ipinagpapasan	carried
ipinagpapatanim	being planted
ipinagpapatayo	under construction
ipinagpapatuloy	continued
ipinagpapauna	preceded
ipinagpapaunang	anticipated
Ipinagparangalan	Honored
ipinagpasalamat	thanked
ipinagpatay	killed
ipinagpatayo	built
ipinagpatuloy	continued
ipinagpatutot	prostituted
ipinagpaumanhin	excused
ipinagpauna	preceded
ipinagpaunang	anticipated
ipinagpiging	feasted
ipinagpilitan	forced
ipinagpilitang	forced
Ipinagpipilitan	Forced
ipinagpipilitang	forced
ipinagpista	feasted
ipinagpugot	beheaded
ipinagpuno	filled
ipinagpupuri	praised
ipinagsabi	told
ipinagsabing	said
ipinagsama	combined
ipinagsanggalang	protected
ipinagsapalaran	risked
ipinagsasabi	being told
ipinagsasakay	being carried
ipinagsasakdal	being sued
ipinagsasalita	spoken
ipinagsasama	combining
ipinagsasanggalang	protected
ipinagsigawan	shouted
ipinagsisigawan	shouted
ipinagsunog	burned
ipinagtaas	raised
ipinagtabuyan	expelled
ipinagtagubilin	recommended
ipinagtakda	set
ipinagtali	tied up
ipinagtanggol	defended
ipinagtanim	planted
ipinagtanong	asked
ipinagtapat	confessed
ipinagtatabuyan	being expelled
ipinagtatagubilin	recommended
ipinagtatanggol	defended
ipinagtatanim	planted
ipinagtatanong	being questioned
ipinagtataob	overturned
ipinagtatapat	confessing
ipinagtatapon	being thrown away
ipinagtatatag	establishing
ipinagtatawid	being conveyed
ipinagtatayo	under construction
ipinagtayo	built
ipinagtulakan	pushed
ipinagturo	taught
ipinagtutulakan	being pushed
ipinagugupit	being cut
Ipinaguhit	Drawn
ipinagutos	ordered
ipinaguutos	ordered
ipinagwalang	dismissed
ipinagwawalang	ignored
ipinagyabang	boasted
ipinagyayabang	boasted
ipinahabol	prosecuted
ipinahagupit	whipped
ipinahahayag	declare
ipinahakot	transported
ipinahamak	degraded
ipinahampas	slapped
Ipinahanap	Searched
ipinahanda	prepared
ipinaharap	presented
ipinahatid	delivered
ipinahawak	held
ipinahayag	declared
ipinahid	smeared
ipinahihintulot	permitted
ipinahihiram	lent
ipinahila	dragged
ipinahindi	refused
ipinahinto	stopped
ipinahintulot	allowed
ipinahiram	lent
ipinahiwatig	indicated
ipinahiya	humiliated
ipinahukay	excavated
ipinahuli	delayed
Ipinahulma	Molded
ipinahulog	dropped
ipinaiinom	given to drink
ipinailalim	subjected
ipinain	served
ipinainom	given to drink
ipinaipon	collected
ipinaisip	thought about
ipinakain	fed
ipinakakain	fed
ipinakakasal	engaged to be married
ipinakalat	distributed
ipinakarga	loaded
ipinakasal	married
ipinakatay	executed
ipinakikialam	interfered with
ipinakikilala	introducing
ipinakikipaglaban	being fought
ipinakikipagtalo	being argued
ipinakikita	shown
ipinakilala	introduced
ipinakilo	mobilized
ipinakipagkaalit	quarreled
ipinakipaglaban	fought for
ipinakipagtipan	covenanted
ipinakipamayan	naturalized
ipinakita	shown
ipinakitang	shown
ipinakiusap	requested
ipinako	crucified
ipinakong	crucified
ipinakpak	applauded
ipinakuha	ordered
ipinakulong	imprisoned
ipinalabas	released
ipinalagay	assumed
ipinalalabas	being released
ipinalalagay	supposedly
ipinalamon	swallowed
ipinalapa	applied
ipinalasap	served
ipinalayo	moved away
Ipinalibing	Buried
ipinaligo	bathed
ipinalikod	turned away
ipinaliliwanag	explaining
ipinalimot	forgotten
Ipinalinis	Cleaned
ipinalipat	transferred
ipinalipol	destroyed
ipinalit	replaced
ipinaliwanag	explained
ipinalo	beaten
ipinalupig	subdued
ipinalusob	invaded
ipinaluto	cooked
ipinamagitan	mediated
ipinamahagi	distributed
ipinamahala	managed
ipinamalagi	maintained
ipinamalas	demonstrated
ipinamalita	announced
ipinamamahagi	distributed
ipinamamahaging	distributed
ipinamamalita	advertised
ipinamamalitang	rumored
ipinamamana	hereditary
ipinamamanhik	begging
ipinamana	bequeathed
ipinamanhik	requested
ipinambabayad	paid
ipinambalot	wrapped
ipinamigay	given away
ipinampatay	executed
ipinamumuhay	lived
ipinamumukha	pretending
ipinana	shot
ipinanakit	hurt
ipinanalangin	prayed for
ipinanalanging	prayed for
ipinanali	has been postponed
ipinanalot	plagued
ipinananakit	being hurt
ipinananata	vowed
ipinanaog	descended
ipinanata	vowed
ipinandilat	opened
ipinang	given
ipinangaapid	fornication
ipinangako	promised
ipinangakong	promised
ipinangalakal	traded
ipinangalan	named after
ipinangalat	scattered
ipinanganak	born
ipinanganganak	being born
ipinangangaral	preached
ipinangangasiwa	supervised
ipinangaral	preached
ipinangaso	hunted
ipinangaw	aired
ipinangbabalabal	being interrupted
ipinangdaya	deceived
ipinanggagatong	fueled
ipinanggagawa	being done
ipinanggatong	fueled
ipinanghahanap	wanted
ipinanghiganti	avenged
ipinanghihiganti	avenged
ipinanghugas	washed
ipinanghuhula	predicted
ipinanghula	predicted
ipinangilabot	terrified
ipinangilin	reserved
ipinangingilin	respected
ipinanglalait	insulted
ipinangluto	cooked
ipinangtubos	redeemed
ipinangungusap	spoken
ipinangusap	spoken
ipinangutang	loaned
ipinanhik	requested
ipinanlulupig	being conquered
ipinantay	leveled
ipinantubos	redeemed
ipinanukala	proposed
ipinanumpa	sworn
ipinanumpang	sworn
ipinanungayaw	cursed
ipinanunumpa	sworn
ipinapaabot	conveyed
ipinapaalala	reminded
ipinapaalam	informed
ipinapaalila	enslaved
ipinapaalipin	enslaved
Ipinapaayos	Under repair
ipinapadala	being sent
ipinapadpad	being pushed
ipinapagawa	being made
ipinapagkasala	accused
ipinapaglingkod	being served
ipinapagpag	being shaken
ipinapahamak	destroying
ipinapaharap	presented
ipinapahayag	announced
ipinapahid	anointed
ipinapahintulot	allowed
ipinapahiya	humiliated
ipinapailalim	subjected
ipinapainom	given to drink
ipinapakilala	introducing
ipinapakita	shown
ipinapakita 	shown 
ipinapakitang	shown
ipinapakiusap	requested
ipinapako	crucified
ipinapakpak	applauding
ipinapalaganap	being disseminated
ipinapalagay	assumed
ipinapalista	being enrolled
ipinapalit	exchanged
ipinapaliwanag	explaining
ipinapalo	being beaten
Ipinapamuhay	Living
ipinapana	shot
ipinapanalangin	praying
ipinapanaog	being lowered
ipinapangako	promised
ipinapanganak	being born
ipinapangaral	preached
ipinapangilin	reserved
ipinapantay	equalized
ipinapanumpa	sworn
ipinapapakong	being nailed
ipinapapasan	being carried
ipinapapatay	being killed
ipinaparada	parked
ipinapasabi	announced
ipinapasan	carried
ipinapasok	being inserted
ipinapatak	drip
ipinapatalo	defeated
ipinapatanong	being asked
ipinapatawad	forgiven
ipinapatawag	summoned
ipinapatay	killed
ipinapatayo	being built
ipinapatong	superimposed
ipinapatupad	implemented
ipinapaubaya	allowed
ipinapaunawa	explained
ipinapayo	advised
Ipinapigil	Stopped
ipinapitpit	squeezed
Ipinaputol	Cut off
ipinarada	parked
ipinaranas	experienced
ipinararanas	experienced
ipinarating	conveyed
ipinarinig	made to hear
Ipinaririnig	Hearing
ipinarito	brought here
ipinaritong	brought
ipinariwara	spoiled
ipinarusa	punished
ipinasabi	announced
ipinasabing	said
ipinasabog	exploded
ipinasadya	customized
ipinasailalim	subjected
Ipinasakay	Boarded
ipinasakop	submitted
ipinasalakay	attacked
ipinasalanta	devastated
ipinasalubong	welcomed
ipinasama	submitted
ipinasan	carried
ipinasara	closed
ipinasasabi	announced
ipinasasaka	cultivated
ipinasasalakay	being attacked
Ipinasensus	Census taken
ipinasibak	fired
ipinasipsip	absorbed
ipinasira	destroyed
ipinasisiya	decided
ipinasiya	decided
ipinasiyang	decided
ipinasiyasat	investigated
ipinasok	inserted
ipinasugo	sent
ipinasulat	written
ipinasumpa	sworn
ipinasundo	sent for
ipinasunog	burned
ipinasuot	put on
ipinasya	decided
ipinatabi	set aside
ipinataboy	expelled
ipinatago	hidden
ipinatala	registered
ipinatalastas	advertised
ipinatali	tied up
ipinatalo	defeated
ipinatalos	was expelled
Ipinatanaw	Shown
ipinatangay	carried away
ipinatanggal	dismissed
ipinatanong	asked
ipinatapon	exiled
ipinatapos	finished
ipinatatalastas	advertised
Ipinatatanong	Questioning
ipinatatawad	forgiven
ipinatatawag	summoned
ipinataw	imposed
ipinatawad	forgiven
ipinatawag	summoned
Ipinatawid	Transferred
ipinatayo	built
ipinatayong	erected
ipinatigil	suspended
ipinatimbang	weighed
ipinatipon	gathered
ipinatirang	appointed
ipinatnubay	guided
ipinatong	placed
ipinatotoo	attested
ipinatuhog	impaled
ipinatuloy	continued
ipinatupad	implemented
ipinatupok	burned
ipinaturo	taught
ipinatutupad	implemented
ipinaubaya	abandoned
ipinauka	rented
ipinaunawa	made understood
ipinausig	prosecuted
ipinausisa	questioned
ipinautang	loaned
ipinauubaya	left to chance
ipinauunawa	makes it clear
ipinauwi	sent home
ipinawalang	written off
ipinawasak	destroyed
ipinawawasak	being destroyed
ipinayo	advised
ipinihit	turned
ipinikit	closed eyes
ipinili	chosen
ipinilit	forced
ipinipighati	oppressed
ipinipikit	closed eyes
ipinipilit	forced
ipinukpok	beaten
ipinulupot	wrapped up
ipinunas	wiped
ipinutong	crowned
ipipihit	ipipihit
ipipikit	will be closed
ipipili	to be chosen
Ipipilit	Will insist
ipipintas	spiky
ipipisan	thinning
ipiprito	ipiprito
ipit	pin
ipo	condition
ipoipo	whirlwind
ipoipong	gather
ipon	savings
ipong	ipong
ipu	plate
Ipuhunan	Invest
Ipuhunan 	Invest 
ipukol	throw
Ipulupot	wind into a ball
ipunan	save
ipunang	to plant
ipunin	gather
ipuputong	to be crowned
iputol	hew
iputong	put on the head
ipwesto	west
Iques	Iques
ir	and
Ira	Ira
Irad	Comment
iral	existence
Iram	Anger
iregalo	gift
ireklamo	denounce
ireregalo	to be given as a gift
irereklamo	to complain
Iri	This is
Iria	I would go
Irias	Irijah
Irijas	Irish
irog	love
Iron	Iron
irorolyong	roll over
Irpeel	Irpeel
Iru	Tail
isa	one
Isaac	Isaac
isaayos	to arrange
isabit	hang
isabog	blow up
isaboy	sprinkle
isabuhay	put into practice
Isacar	Isacar
isadsad	isadsad
isagawa	to carry out
isagawang	to be carried out
isagot	answer
isahin	unite
Isai	Install
Isaia	Isaiah
Isaias	Isaiah
isaisang	one by one
isaisip	keep in mind
isakanila	isakanila
isakatuparan	carry out
isakay	ride
isakbat	isakbat
isakdal	isakdal
isalang	to be included
isalaysay	to narrate
isalin	translate
isalok	isalok
Isalong	Cover
isama	include
isambulat	isambulat
Isamo	We are
isampa	file
isandaa	prepare yourself
isandaang	one hundred
isang	one
isangag	isangag
isanggalang	respectfully
isangguni	reference
isanib	merge
isanlibong	one thousand
isantabi	set aside
isapin	no pin
isapuso	take to heart
isara	close
isasa	tail
isasaayos	to be arranged
isasabibig	will be told
isasabit	to be hung
isasaboy	to be splashed
isasadlak	to be inserted
isasagawa	to be carried out
isasagot	to be answered
isasagupa	will be fought over
isasaisip	to keep in mind
Isasakaniya	I will give it to him.
isasakatuparan	will be carried out
isasakay	to ride
isasakdal	to be sued
isasalakay	to be attacked
isasalaysay	to be narrated
isasalin	to be translated
Isasaloob	Will be included
isasama	to be included
isasamo	please
isasampa	to be filed
isasampay	to be hanged
isasangguni	will be consulted
isasanla	pawn
isasapanganib	will be endangered
isasapuso	to be taken to heart
isasara	will be closed
isasauli	will be returned
isasaulo	memorized
isasawala	will be busy
isasawsaw	to be dipped
isasaysay	to be narrated
isauli	return
isaway	rebuke
isawsaw	dip
Isaya	Isaiah
isaysay	EXPLAIN
isaʼt	isaʼt
isaʼy	isaʼy
Isba	More beautiful
Isbaal	Ishbaal
Isbac	Isbac
Isbak	isbak
Isbi	Ishbi
Isboset	Isboset
Isca	Bait
Iscah	Iscah
Iscariote	Iscariot
isda	fish
isda 	fish 
isdang	fish
Isebeab	Isebeab
isensus	senseless
isesensus	isesensus
ish	work
isha	eye
Ishar	Ishar
Isharita	Street
Ishba	Ishba
Ishbak	Ishbak
Ishbi	Work
Ishboshet	Ishbosheth
Ishi	Work
Ishia	Ishia
Ishma	Shares
Ishmael	Ishmael
Ishmaelita	Ishmaelita
Ishmaelitang	Ishmaelitang
Ishmaya	Ishmaea
Ishmerai	Ishmerai
Ishod	Outcome
Ishpa	Ishpa
Ishua	Ishua
Ishva	Ishva
Ishvi	Ishvi
Ishya	New
Isi	Head
Isia	Isia
Isias	Isias
isigaw	shout
Isijas	Ischia
isilang	to be born
isilid	put in
isilong	prison
isinaalang	considered
isinaayos	arranged
isinabalikat	shouldered
isinabit	hung
isinabog	blown up
isinaboy	thrown away
Isinadlak	Pushed
isinadsad	stranded
isinagawa	carried out
Isinagawang	Done
isinagi	submitted
isinagot	answered
isinailalim	subjected
isinaing	cooked
isinakaniya	he/she/it
isinakaniyang	given to him
isinakatuparan	fulfilled
isinakay	loaded
isinakdal	charged
isinaksak	stabbed
isinalangsang	crossed
isinalansan	stacked
isinalaysay	narrated
isinalig	based on
isinalin	translated
Isinalok	Shoveled
isinaloob	built-in
isinama	included
isinamang	integrated
isinambulat	exploded
isinampa	filed
isinandal	leaned
Isinandok	Shoveled
isinangguni	referred
isinangla	mortgaged
isinanib	merged
isinanla	mortgaged
isinapanganib	endangered
isinapin	layered
isinapuso	taken to heart
isinara	closed
isinarang	closed
isinasa	added
isinasaad	stated
Isinasabit	Hanging
isinasagawa	in progress
isinasagisag	symbolized
isinasagot	answered
isinasakdal	being sued
isinasaksak	being stabbed
isinasaksi	witnessed
isinasalang	filtered
Isinasalarawan	Depicting
isinasalaysay	narrated
isinasalin	translated
isinasalo	shared
isinasaloob	internalized
isinasama	included
isinasambulat	being written
isinasamo	please
isinasampa	filed
Isinasanggalang	Protected
isinasangla	mortgaged
isinasapanganib	endangered
isinasapuso	in the heart
isinasauli	being returned
isinasaysay	narrated
isinauli	returned
isinaunahan	preceded
isinawsaw	dipped
isinaysay	narrated
Isinensus	Isinensus
isingkaw	harness
Isinibol	Isinibol
isinigaw	shouted
isinilang	born
isinilid	inserted
isiningkaw	taken away
isininsay	isininsay
isininta	sintra
isinisibat	being thrown
isinisigaw	shouting
isinisilang	being born
isinisilid	being put in
isinisinsay	being revised
isinisiwalat	revealing
isinubo	injected
isinugat	wounded
isinugo	sent
isinuhay	revived
isinuhol	bribed
isinukbit	tucked in
isinuksok	tucked
isinulat	written
isinulong	promoted
isinumbong	reported
isinumpa	cursed
isinumpang	cursed
Isinunod	Followed
isinunong	asked
Isinuntok	Punched
isinuot	worn
isinupling	replaced
isinusugo	being sent
Isinusuka	Vomiting
isinusukat	being measured
isinusukli	exchanged
isinusuko	surrendering
isinusulat	being written
isinusulong	promoted
isinusumbong	being reported
isinusumpa	cursed
isinusunod	being followed
isinusuot	worn
isip	mind
isipa	COUNT
isipan	mind
isipang	thought
isipin	think
isiping	think
isisibol	symbol
isisigaw	will shout
isisilang	to be born
isisilid	to be inserted
isisimpan	secret
isisingkaw	hitch
isisinturon	isisinturon
isisiwalat	will be disclosed
isla	same
islang	island
Isma	Isma
Ismachias	Ismachias
Ismael	Ismael
Ismaelita	Ishmaelites
Ismaelitang	Ismaelitang
Ismaias	Ishmaiah
Ismakia	Ismakia
Ismaquias	Ismachiah
Ismari	Imar
Ismerai	Ismerai
isopo	connection
Ispa	Ispa
Ispan	Spanish
Ispha	Spa
Isphan	Isphan
Israel	Israel
Israel 	Israel 
Israelita	Israelite
Israelita 	Israelite 
Israelitang	Israelite
Israelitaʼy	Israelitish
Isri	Isri
Issachar	Issachar
Issia	Issia
Issui	Issui
Issuita	Issuita
istorbohin	disturb
Isua	Jesus
isubsob	submerge
isugo	command
Isui	Isui
isuka	it starts
isukat	measure
isukbit	put at the waistband
isuko	give up
isuksok	tuck
isulat	write
isumbong	report
isumpa	swear
Isuntok	I'll be there
isuot	wear
isusudlong	driven
isusugo	will be sent
isusuka	will vomit
isusukat	to be measured
isusuko	to give up
isusuksok	to be inserted
isusulat	will be written
isusulat 	will be written 
isusulit	to be tested
isusulong	will be promoted
isusumbat	to be stabbed
isusumbong	will be reported
isusumpa	to be cursed
isusunod	to be followed
Isusuntok	To be punched
isusuot	to wear
isusupling	to be replaced
Isva	Isva
Isvi	Isvi
isweldo	isweldo
itaan	this
itaas	top
itabi	set aside
itaboy	drive away
itaga	pregnancy
itago	hide
itagpi	use for patching a tear
itaguyod	promote
itahan	stop doing
itahi	one
Itai	Do it.
itak	anyway
itakas	escape
itakda	set
itakip	cover
itakuwil	reject
itakwil	reject
itala	Italian
italaga	assign
itali	ITALY
Italia	Italy
Italiano	Italian
Italikod	Italic
Italyano	Italian
Itamar	Itamar
itanaw	LIFT
itanggi	deny
itangging	deny
itanghal	to present
itangi	to prefer
itangis	itangis
itanikala	ribbon
itanim	plant
itanong	ask
itanyag	OFFER
itapat	to be honest
itapon	throw away
itapong	throw away
itataan	to be recorded
itataas	will be raised
itatabi	will be kept aside
itataboy	will be expelled
itatag	establish
Itataga	Itataga
itatagal	will last
itataghoy	lament
itatago	will be hidden
itatagubilin	to be instructed
itatahan	to be inhabited
Itatahi	Itatahi
itatahip	to be carried away
Itatakas	Escape
itatakda	to be set
itatakip	to be covered
itataklob	to be covered
itatakuwil	it will be eaten
itatakwil	will be rejected
itatala	to be recorded
itatalaga	to be assigned
itatali	to tie
itatalikod	will be abandoned
itatambak	itatambak
itatanaw	to be seen
itatanghal	to be performed
itatangi	will be reserved
itatangis	will be mourned
itatanim	to be planted
itatanong	will be asked
itatanyag	will be promoted
itataob	overturn
itatapon	will be thrown away
itatatag	will be established
Itatatak	To be stamped
itatatuwa	will be resolved
itatawag	will be called
itatawid	will be crossed
Itataya	Bet
itatayo	to be built
itatayong	to be built
itawag	call
itawid	cross
itaya	bet
itayo	build
itayong	build
Itcazin	Itcazin
Ithai	Ithai
Ithamar	Itamar
Ithiel	Ithiel
Ithma	Ithma
Ithram	Ithram
Ithran	Ithran
Ithreo	Ithreo
Ithrita	Ithrita
iti	in
Itiel	Itiel
itigil	stop
itiklop	fold
itikom	shut up
itim	black
itinaan	reserved
itinaas	raised
itinabi	set aside
itinabon	thrown away
itinaboy	driven away
itinadhana	destined
itinaga	abandoned
itinagal	delayed
itinago	hidden
itinagong	hidden
itinagpi	rejected
itinagubilin	instructed
itinahan	inhabited
itinahi	yesterday
itinahimik	muted
itinakas	escaped
itinakda	set
itinakdang	designated
itinakip	covered
itinakuwil	rejected
itinakwil	rejected
itinala	recorded
itinalaga	appointed
itinalagang	designated
Itinalang	Named
itinali	tied
itinalikod	rejected
itinambak	piled up
itinanaw	viewed
itinangan	left behind
itinanggi	denied
itinanghal	staged
itinangi	favored
itinangis	cried
itinanim	planted
itinanong	asked
itinanyag	advertised
itinaob	upside down
itinapal	plastered
itinapat	placed
itinapon	thrown away
itinapong	thrown away
itinarak	pushed
itinataan	being held
itinataas	being raised
itinataboy	being driven away
itinatag	established
itinataghoy	lamented
itinatago	hidden
itinatagubilin	recommended
itinatakda	is being set
itinatakip	being covered
itinatakuwil	rejected
itinatakwil	rejected
itinatalaga	assigned
itinatali	being tied
itinatama	being corrected
itinatangi	cherished
itinatanging	preferred
itinatanim	planted
itinatanong	being asked
itinatanyag	promoted
itinataob	overturned
itinatapon	being thrown away
itinatatag	being established
itinatatak	being stamped
itinatatuwa	denied
itinatawag	called
itinatawid	being crossed
Itinataya	Estimated
itinatayo	being built
itinatayong	under construction
itinawag	called
itinawid	crossed
itinaya	bet
itinayo	built
itinayong	built
itindig	raise
itingin	look
itinigil	stopped
itinikom	closed
itiniktik	spied on
itinindig	erected
itiningala	follow me
itiningin	push
itinipan	itinipan
itinira	abandoned
itinirang	appointed
itinisod	isolation
itinitig	stared at
itinitigil	being stopped
itinitinda	for sale
itinitindig	being raised
itinitingin	looking at
itinitira	saved
itinitirang	being appointed
itinititig	staring
itinitiwalag	expelled
itiniwala	entrusted
itiniwalag	expelled
itiniwasay	calmed down
itinubog	immersed
itinubos	atonement
itinudla	thrown
itinugma	matched
Itinukod	Built
itinukoy	specified
itinulad	imitated
itinulak	pushed
itinuli	circumcised
itinulong	helped
itinulot	granted
itinuloy	continued
itinumba	knocked down
itinumpok	piled up
itinungo	directed
itinungtong	he set
itinuntong	he raised
itinuring	considered
Itinuring 	Considered 
itinuro	taught
itinurong	taught
itinusok	pierced
itinutok	focused
itinutubo	grown
itinutulad	likened
itinutulak	being pushed
itinutumba	being knocked down
itinutungtong	stepping on
itinuturing	considered
Itinuturing 	Considered 
itinuturo	taught
itinuturong	taught
itinutusok	pierced
itinutuwid	being corrected
itira	itira
ititig	stare
ititigil	will be stopped
ititik	from the beginning
ititiklop	ititiklop
ititindig	to be erected
ititingala	to look up
ititingin	to be seen
ititira	to be saved
ititirang	will remain
ititisod	ititisod
itititig	will stare
ititiwalag	will be expelled
Ititiwangwang	Will be abandoned
ititiwarik	to be overturned
itiwalag	expel
Itla	Italy
itlog	egg
Itma	Feed
Itnan	ITHNAN
ito	this
ito 	this 
itong	this
itoy	puppy
itoʼy	this is
Itoʼy 	This is it. 
Itra	Itra
Itran	Itran
itrangka	itrak
Itream	Itream
Itreo	Here
Itrita	Itrita
itsang	call
itsura	appearance
Ittai	Ittai
Ittakazin	Ittakazin
itubog	dip
itubos	itubos
itudla	eat
ituhog	string together
ituktok	knock
itulad	compare
itulak	push
itulot	allow
ituloy	continue
itumba	knock down
itumpak	to hit
Itumpok	Stack
itungtong	place
ituon	focus
Iturea	Iturea
ituring	consider
ituro	teach
itusok	jab
itutubog	to be immersed
itutubos	make atonement
itutuhog	to be pierced
itutulad	to compare
itutulak	to push
itutulot	will be allowed
itutuloy	to be continued
itutumbas	to be equalized
itutungkol	to be referred to
itutuon	to focus on
ituturing	will be considered
ituturo	to teach
ituturong	to be taught
itutuwid	to be corrected
ituwid	straighten
iukit	engrave
iukol	to allocate
iulat	report
iunat	stretch
iupo	sit down
iurong	retract
iutos	order
iuukit	yuukit
iuukol	to be given
iuumang	to be addressed
iuunat	to stretch
iuupo	I'm sorry
iuurong	to be withdrawn
iuutos	to order
iuuwi	to take home
iuwi	take home
Iva	Iva
iwaglit	discard
iwaksi	dismiss
iwala	leave
iwan	leave
iwanan	leave
iwas	prevention
iwasak	destroy
iwasan	avoid
iwasiwas	brandish
iwawagayway	will wave
iwawaksi	cut off
iwawala	to let go
Iwawalat	Will be missed
iwawangis	compare
iwawasak	will be destroyed
iwawaswas	will be washed away
iwinasiwas	waving
iwinawagayway	waving
iwinisik	sprinkled
iwiniwisik	spray
iwisik	spray over smth.
iwiwisik	sprinkle
ixio	ixio
iya	can
iyak	crying
iyakan	cry
iyan	that
iyang	HIS
Iye	Amount
iyigib	cool
Iyiigib	Egypt
Iyim	I am
iyo	and
iyo 	and 
iyon	that
iyon 	that 
iyondahil	alas
iyong	your
iyoʼy	andʼy
iyuko	bow
iyukod	bow
iyuyukod	iyuyukod
Izar	Star
Izhar	Izhar
Izharita	Izharita
Izia	Izia
Izias	Izziah
Izlia	Izlia
Izra	Israel
Izrahia	Izrahiah
Izrahias	Jizrahiah
Izreel	Izreel
Izri	Izri
Izrita	Izrita
Izzias	Izzias
ja	and
jaacan	jaacan
Jaaciel	Jaaciel
Jaacoba	Jacob
Jaakan	Jaakan
Jaakoba	Jacob
Jaala	Comrade
Jaalam	Jalam
jaan	January
Jaar	Year
Jaare	Jaare
Jaareshia	Jareshia
Jaaresias	Year of the Rat
Jaarsias	In the year
Jaas	Jazz
Jaasai	Jaasai
Jaasiel	Jaasiel
Jaasu	Jaasu
Jaazael	Jaazael
Jaazania	Jaazania
Jaazanias	Jaazaniah
Jaazia	Imagine
Jaazias	Jaazias
Jaaziel	Jaaziel
Jabal	Jabal
Jabboc	Jabboc
Jabes	Jabez
Jabez	Jabez
Jabi	Javi
Jabin	Break
Jabne	Jabne
Jabneel	Jabneel
Jabnia	Apple tree
Jaboc	Jaboc
Jabok	Jabok
Jabsub	Yabsub
Jacamias	Jacamias
Jacan	Jacan
Jacer	Jacer
Jachan	Jachan
Jache	Ice
Jachin	Jachin
Jachinita	Jachinita
Jacim	I am
jacinto	jacinto
jackal	jackal
Jacob	Jacob
Jacoba	Jacoba
Jada	Already
Jadai	Jadai
Jadau	Jadau
Jaddo	Jaddo
Jaddua	Two
Jadiel	Jadiel
Jado	Jade
Jadon	Jadon
Jadua	Magic
Jael	Jael
Jafet	Japheth
Jafia	Jafia
Jaflatita	Japhletite
Jaflet	Jaflet
Jafleteo	Japhleteo
Jagur	Robust
JAH	YES
Jahala	Riding
Jahas	Jahas
Jahat	Evil
Jahath	Jahath
Jahaz	Jahaz
Jahaziel	Jahaziel
Jahdai	Jahdai
Jahdiel	Jahdiel
Jahdo	Jahdo
Jahleel	Jahleel
Jahmai	Jahmai
Jahzah	Jahzah
Jahzeel	Jahzeel
Jahzeelita	Jahzeelita
Jahziel	Annual goal
jair	jair
Jaireo	Jairus
Jairo	Jairo
Jairus	Jairus
Jajaz	Jajaz
Jakeh	Jakeh
Jakim	What kind
Jakin	Know
Jalam	Road
Jaleel	Jaleel
Jalel	Jalal
Jaleleel	Yes, yes.
Jalelita	Jelly
Jalon	Milestone
Jamai	jamai
Jambres	Legs
Jamin	Guarantee
Jaminita	Jaminita
Jamlec	Jamlec
Jamlech	Jamlech
Janai	Janai
Jane	Jane
Janes	Janes
Janim	Janim
Jannes	Jannes
Janoa	Thirst
Janum	Janus
Jaocim	Jaocim
Jaoel	Jaoel
Japhet	Japheth
Japhia	Japhiah
Japhias	Japhias
Japhlet	Japhlet
Japhleteo	Japhleteo
Jaquim	Jaquim
Jaquin	Jaquin
Jara	Series
jarcon	jarcon
Jareb	Partridge
Jared	Jared
Jarha	Jarha
Jarib	Jarib
Jarkon	Jarkon
Jarmut	Jarmuth
Jarmuth	Jarmuth
Jaroa	Loaded
Jasa	Service
Jasael	Jasael
Jasen	Clear
Jaser	Chat
Jashar	Yasar
Jasher	Jasher
Jashobeam	Jashobeam
Jashub	Jashub
Jashubi	Jashubi
Jasobam	I am a student.
Jasobeam	Jashobeam
Jason	Jason
jaspe	jasper
jasper	jasper
Jassen	Coats
jasub	jasub
Jasubi	Jasubi
Jasubita	Jasubita
Jath	Jath
Jathir	Jathir
Jatir	Jatir
Jatnael	Jatnael
Jatniel	Jatniel
Jattir	Attract
Javan	Javan
Jaza	Child
Jazanias	Jazanias
Jazea	Jazz
Jazeel	Jazeel
Jazeias	Jazeias
Jazer	Jazer
Jazera	Lakes
Jaziz	Jaziz
Jdt	Yes
jearim	jearim
Jeaterai	Jeaterai
Jeatrai	Jeatrai
Jeberechias	Jeberechias
Jeberekia	Jeberekia
Jeberequias	Jeberechiah
Jebus	Jebus
Jebuseo	Jebusite
Jebuseong	Jebuseong
Jecabzeel	Jecabzeel
Jecaman	Jecaman
Jecamia	Jecamia
Jecamiam	Jecamiam
Jecamias	Jecamias
Jecces	Jecces
Jecholia	Jecholia
Jechonias	Jechonias
Jecolia	Jecoliah
Jecolias	Jecolias
Jeconia	Jeconia
Jeconias	Jeconias
Jecutiel	Jecutile
Jedaia	Jedaiah
Jedaias	Jedaiah
Jedaya	Jedaya
Jedeias	Jedeias
Jedeya	Jade
Jediael	Jediael
Jediaiel	Jediaiel
Jedias	Jedias
Jedida	New
Jedidia	Jedidiah
Jedidiah	Jedidiah
Jeduthun	Jeduthun
Jedutun	Jeduthun
Jefta	Jephthah
Jefte	Gift
Jefune	Jefune
Jegar	Jegar
Jegarsahadutha	Jegarsahadutha
Jehaleleel	Jehalelel
Jehalelel	Jehallelel
Jehat	Jehat
Jehedias	Jehedias
Jehezkel	Jehezkel
Jehia	Jehia
Jehias	Yehias
Jehiel	Jehiel
Jehieli	Jehiel
Jehizkia	Language
Jehizkias	Hezekiah
Jehoada	Jehoadah
Jehoadan	Jehoadan
Jehoadin	Jehoad
Jehoahaz	Jehoahaz
Jehoas	JEHOASH
Jehoash	Jehoash
Jehohanan	Jehohanan
Jehoiakim	Jehoiakim
Jehoiakin	JEHOIACHIN
Jehoiarib	Jehoiarib
Jehonadab	Jehonadab
Jehonatan	Jonathan
Jehoram	Jehoram
Jehosabad	Jehoshaphat
Jehosabet	Jehoshabeath
Jehoseba	Jehosheba
Jehoshabet	Jehoshabeth
Jehoshafat	Jehoshaphat
Jehosheba	Jehosheba
Jehova	LORD
Jehovanissi	Jehovanissi
Jehoyada	Jehoiada
Jehoyakim	Jehoiakim
Jehoyakin	Jehoiachin
Jehoyarib	Jehoiarib
Jehozabad	Jehozabad
Jehozadak	Jehozadak
Jehu	Jehu
Jehuba	Jehuba
Jehubba	Jehubba
Jehucal	Jehucal
Jehud	Jewish
Jehudas	Judah
Jehudi	Yehudi
Jehuel	Jehuel
Jehul	Jehul
Jehus	Jehu
Jeiel	Jeiel
Jekabzeel	Jekabzeel
Jekameam	Jekameam
Jekamia	Jekamiah
Jekutiel	Yes, as usual.
Jelhiel	Jelhiel
Jemima	Jemima
Jemuel	Jemuel
Jeothrai	Jeothrai
Jephone	Jephone
Jephte	Jephthah
Jer	Because
Jera	List
Jerah	Jerah
Jerameel	JERAHMEEL
Jerameelita	Jerameelita
Jerameeliteo	Jerameeliteo
Jere	List
Jered	Jared
Jeremai	Jeremy
Jeremat	Jeremat
Jeremias	Jeremiah
Jeremot	Jeremoth
Jeremoth	Jeremoth
Jeria	Jeriah
Jerias	Jerias
Jeribai	Jeribai
Jerico	Jericho
Jeriel	Jeriel
Jerijas	Jeri
Jerimot	Jerimoth
Jerimoth	Jerimoth
Jeriot	Jeriot
Jerioth	Jerioth
Jeroam	Jeroham
Jerobaal	Jerubbaal
Jeroboam	Jeroboam
Jeroham	Jeroham
Jerub	Jerub
Jerubaal	Jerubbaal
Jeruel	Jeruel
Jerusa	Jerusa
Jerusalem	Jerusalem
Jerusalem 	Jerusalem 
Jerusha	Jerusha
Jesahias	Jeshaiah
Jesaia	Isaiah
Jesaias	Isaiah
Jesana	Jesus
Jesarela	Jesarela
Jesebeab	Jesebeab
Jeser	Yesser
Jeserita	Jeserita
Jeshana	Jeshana
Jeshaya	Jeshaya
Jeshebeab	Jeshebeab
Jesher	Jesher
Jeshimon	Jeshimon
Jeshimot	Jeshimot
Jeshishai	Jeshishai
Jeshohaya	Yes, today.
Jeshua	Joshua
Jeshurun	Jeshurun
Jesiai	Jesiai
Jesimiel	Yesimiel
jesimon	jesimon
jesimot	jESHIMOTH
jesimoth	jesimoth
Jesisai	Jesisai
Jesohaia	Jesohia
Jesohaias	Jesohaias
Jesohar	jesor
Jesse	Jesse
Jesu	Yes
Jesua	Joshua
Jesucristo	Christ
Jesus	Jesus
Jeter	Jeter
Jetet	lives
Jeth	Jeth
Jetheh	Jetheh
Jether	Jether
Jetheth	Jetheth
Jethro	Jethro
Jethur	Jethur
Jetream	Jetream
Jetro	Jetro
Jetur	It is thrown
Jetureo	I am going.
Jeuel	Game
Jeus	Jesus
Jeush	Jeush
Jeuz	Jeuz
Jeyel	Jeyel
Jezabel	Jezebel
Jezanias	Jezanias
Jezebel	Jezebel
Jezer	Lake
Jezera	Lakes
Jezerita	Lakeside
Jeziel	Jeziel
Jezrahia	Jezrahiah
Jezrahias	Jezrahiah
Jezreel	Jezreel
Jezreelita	Jezreelita
Jibsam	Jibsam
Jidlaf	Yes, yes.
Jidlaph	Jidlaph
Jimna	Gym
Jiphta	Jiphta
jireh	Jireh
Jiron	Lamp
Jn	Jn
Joa	Joa
joab	joab
Joachaz	Jehoahaz
Joachim	Joachim
Joachin	Joachim
Joacim	Joachim
Joada	Joada
Joadan	Joadan
Joadda	Joadda
Joaddan	Joaddan
Joah	Joah
Joahaz	Jehoahaz
Joana	Joana
Joanan	Joanan
Joas	Joash
Joash	Joash
Joatam	Jotham
Joath	Joath
Joatham	Joatham
Job	Job
Jobab	Jobab
Jobad	Jobad
Jocdeam	Jokdeam
Jocebed	Jocebed
Jochabed	Jochabed
Jochebed	Jochebed
Jocla	Jocla
Jocmeam	Jocmeam
Jocneam	I was joking.
Jocsan	Bad
Joctan	Joctan
Jocteel	Jocteel
Joda	Iodine
Joddai	Joddai
Joed	Joed
Joel	Joel
Joela	Joel
Joezer	Joezer
Jogbaa	Jogbaa
Jogbea	Jogbea
Jogbeha	Job
Jogli	Jogli
Joha	Joha
Johanam	Johannam
Johanan	Johanan
Joiacim	Joyful
Joiada	Jehoiada
Joiadang	Jehoiada
Joiakim	Jehoiakim
Joiarib	Joiarib
Jokdeam	Jokdeam
Jokim	Jokim
Jokmeam	Jokmeam
Jokneam	Jokneam
Joksan	Joksan
Jokshan	Jokshan
Joktan	Joktan
Jokteel	Jokteel
Jon	Jon
Jonadab	JONADABS
Jonadad	Jonadad
Jonam	Jonah
Jonan	Jonan
Jonas	Jonas
Jonatan	Jonathan
Jonathan	Jonathan
Jopa	Even
Joppa	Joppa
Joppe	Joppa
Joquim	Joquim
Jora	Jora
Jorai	Jorai
Joram	Joram
Jorcaam	Jorcaam
Jordan	Jordan
Jordan 	Jordan 
Jordang	Jordang
Jorim	Jorim
Jorkeam	York
Jorqueam	York
Jos	If
Josa	Jose
Josaba	Josab
Josabad	Josabad
Josabeth	Josabeth
Josabias	Josabias
Josacar	JosaCar
Josachar	Josiah
Josadac	Josadac
Josadach	Josadach
Josadec	Josadec
Josafat	Jehoshaphat
Josaphat	Josaphat
Josavia	Josiah
Josbecasa	Josbecasa
Jose	Jose
Jose 	Jose 
Josebbasebet	Josebbasebet
Josec	Josec
Joseng	Joseng
Joseph	Joseph
Josha	Josh
Joshafat	Joshafat
Joshbekasha	Joshbekasha
Josheb	Josheb
Joshibia	Joshibia
Josia	Josiah
Josias	Josiah
Josibias	Joseph
Josifia	Joseph
Josifias	Joseph
Josiphias	Josiphiah
Josue	Joshua
Jotam	Jotham
Jotba	Jotbah
Jotbata	Jotbath
Jotbatha	Jotbatha
Jotham	Jotham
Joyada	Joy
Joyakim	Joyakim
Joyarib	Joyab
Jozabad	Jehozabad
Jozabed	Jozabed
Jozadak	Jehozadak
Ju	Yes
Juan	Juan
Juana	Juana
Jubal	Jubal
jubileo	jubilee
Jucal	Jucal
juda	very
Juda 	Very 
Judaismo	Judaism
Judas	Judas
Judea	Judea
judges	judges
Judia	Jew
Judiang	Judiang
Judio	Jewish
Judiong	Jewish
Judit	Judith
Julia	Julia
Julio	July
Julius	Julius
Junia	Trains
Junias	Junia
Jupa	The
Jupiter	Jupiter
Jusab	Jushab
Jusabhesed	Jusabhesed
Jushab	Jushab
Justo	Fair
Justus	Just
Juta	Million
Jutta	Jutta
ka	the
kaaalis	departure
kaaangal	call
kaaaral	student
kaaawaan	mercy
kaaawat	wow
kaabaabang	kabababang
kaabala	busy
kaabalahan	inconvenience
kaagad	immediately
kaagapay	standing side by side
kaagaw	competitor
kaakbay	companion
kaakit	attractive
kaakitakit	attractive
kaalam	WISDOM
kaalaman	knowledge
kaalamang	knowledge
kaalimurahan	this is a joke
kaalinsabay	simultaneously
kaalit	cabbages
kaalitan	conflict
kaalitin	cabbage
kaaliwan	comfort
kaaliwang	comfort
kaamuan	gentleness
kaamuang	gentle
kaanak	relative
kaanib	affiliate
kaanoano	sad
kaanoanoman	sorry
kaanyo	monkey
kaanyuan	appearance
kaapid	cabinets
kaapihan	oppression
kaapihang	oppression
kaapu	carp
kaapuapuhan	fire pit
kaarawan	birthday
kaarawang	birthday
kaasalan	behavior
kaawa	pitiful
kaawaan	mercy
kaawaawa	pitiful
kaawaawang	poor
kaaway	enemy
kaaya	pleasant
kaayaaya	pleasant
kaayaayang	pleasant
kaayusan	order
kaayusang	order
kaba	Twitter
kababaan	inferiority
kababaang	humility
kababababaan	lowliness
kababababaang	lowly
kababaihan	women
kababaihang	women
kababalaghan	miracle
kababalaghang	wonder
kababalik	just returned
kababata	childhood friend
kababayan	countryman
kababayang	compatriot
kabag	Head of Division
kabagabagan	trouble
kabagay	suitable
kabagayan	suitability
kabagkabag	bat
kabagsakan	failure
kabagsikan	fatality
kabahagi	share
kabahan	nervous
kabahayan	household
kabaitan	kindness
kabalakyutan	wickedness
kabali	kabali
kabaligtaran	opposite
kabalisaha	anxiety
kabalisahan	anxiety
kabaliwan	madness
kaban	shoe
kabanal	holiness
kabanala	holiness
kabanalan	holiness
kabanalang	holiness
kabanalbanalan	holy
kabanalbanalang	holy
kabanata	chapter
kabang	careful
kabangisan	cruelty
kabangyaman	treasury
kabantugan	fame
kabantugang	fame
kabaong	coffin
kabastusan	rudeness
kabataa	kabataa
kabataan	youth
kabataang	young
kabataaʼy	childhood
kabatuhan	stone
kabayanan	hometown
kabayanihan	heroism
kabayanihang	heroic
kabayaran	payment
kabayo	horse
kabayong	horse
kabayuhan	horsemen
kabi	such as
kabibigay	recently given
kabigat	weight
kabigatan	seriousness
kabigha	amazing
kabiglaanan	surprise
kabiguan	failure
kabiguang	failure
kabihasahan	civilization
kabihasnan	civilization
kabihasnang	civilization
kabila	across
kabilaan	opposite
kabilan	tribe
kabilang	including
kabilangan	including
kabilin	HERITAGE
kabilis	speed
kabilugan	wholeness
kabinataan	youth
kabinataang	youth
kabiruan	ignorance
kabisado	memorized
kabisera	capital
kabiserang	capital
kabit	fixture
kabitan	attachment
kabitin	cabin
kabitkabit	kabitkabit
kabiyak	spouse
kabubuhat	recent work
kabubuhayan	livelihood
kabubusugan	therewith
kabubuwalan	thereby
kabuhayan	livelihood
kabuhayang	livelihood
kabuhusan	foggy
kabukira	to be released
kabukiran	MOUNTAINS
kabukirang	mountains
kabuktutan	perversion
kabulaanan	falsehood
kabulaanang	false
kabuluhan	significance
kabuluhang	meaningless
kabuluka	open
kabulukan	decay
kabulukang	rottenness
kabunduka	small child
kabundukan	mountains
kabundukang	mountainous
kabuoa	whole
kabuoan	totality
kabuoang	whole
kaburula	catfish
kaburulan	mountains
kaburulang	repeated blur
kabusugan	satiety
kabuti	cabbage
Kabutiha	Kabutiha
kabutihan	goodness
kabutihang	goodness
kabuuan	total
kabuuang	total
kabuwalan	failure
kabuwanan	early menstruation
Kabzeel	Cabzeel
kadadalangin	cry
kadadapaan	poverty
kadahilanan	reason
kadahilanang	reason
kadakidakilaan	greatness
kadakila	greatness
kadakilaa	greatness
kadakilaan	greatness
kadakilaang	greatness
kadakilang	great
kadala	carrying
kadalagaha	girl
kadalagahan	virginity
kadalamhatian	grief
kadalas	frequency
kadalasa	often
kadalasan	usually
kadalasang	usually
kadalasaʼy	usually
kadaldalan	chatter
kadaling	easily
kadalisayan	purity
kadami	many
kadaming	a lot
Kadarating	Arrival
kadayaan	fraud
kadena	chain
kadenang	chain
kades	village head
Kadesh	Kadesh
kadidilig	credit
kadilima	darkness
kadiliman	darkness
kadilimang	darkness
Kadmiel	Kadmiel
Kadmoneo	Kadmoneo
kadugo	blood relation
kadugong	fellow countryman
kadukhaan	begging
kadulu	first
kaduluduluhang	long time ago
kaduluhan	extremity
kadustaan	disgrace
kadustaang	disgraceful
kaduwagan	cowardice
kaduwahagihan	reproach
kaedad	peers
kagabi	last night
kagagalakan	rejoice
kagagaling	just arrived
kagagalitan	anger
kagagawan	action
kagalaka	joy
kagalakan	joy
kagalakang	joy
kagalang	respectful
kagalanggalang	respectability
kagalingan	well-being
kagalinggalingan	originality
kagalitan	quarrel
kagamitan	equipment
kagamitang	equipment
kagampan	task
kagampanan	performance
kagamutan	medicine
kagamutang	medicine
kaganapan	event
kaganda	beauty
kagandaha	beauty
kagandahan	beauty
kagandahang	beauty
kagandahangloob	kindness
kagantihan	reward
kagantihang	reward
kagat	bite
kagawad	member
kagaya	like
kagayakan	decoration
kagayakang	ornament
kagibaa	kagibaa
kagibaan	destruction
kagila	inspiring
kagilagilalas	wonderful
kagilasan	suddenness
kagiliwan	interesting
kaginhawahan	comfort
kaginhawahang	convenience
kaginsaginsa	its own
kagipita	emergency
kagipitan	emergency
kagitingan	bravery
kagitingang	very good
kagitnaan	the heart
kagubata	youth
kagubatan	forest
Kagubatang	Forest
kagugutuman	hunger
kagulangan	forest
kagulo	chaos
kaguluha	confusion
kaguluhan	chaos
kaguluhang	chaos
kagustuhan	preference
kagustuhang	desire
kagutom	HUNGER
kagutoman	appetite
kagutum	hunger
kagutuman	hunger
kagwapuhan	handsomeness
kagyat	urgent
kaha	strength
kahaba	prostitute
kahabaan	length
kahabag	pity
kahabagan	compassion
kahabaghabag	pity
kahahabagan	compassion
kahahalik	kisser
kahahalili	thunder
kahahampas	hit
kahahantungan	destiny
kahalagahan	importance
kahalagahang	importance
kahalay	kahalay
kahalayan	lewdness
kahalayang	lust
kahalayhalay	kahalayhalay
kahalihalina	alluring
kahalili	successor
kahalintulad	similar
kahalong	mixed
kahambalhambal	grievous
kahambing	similar
kahambugan	arrogance
kahanay	parallel
kahandaan	readiness
kahang	chest
kahanga	wonderful
kahangahanga	amazing
kahangahangang	wonderful
kahangal	foolish
kahangalan	foolishness
kahangalang	foolish
Kahangga	neighboring
kahangganan	limit
kahapisan	misery
kahapisang	sad
kahapon	yesterday
kahapong	yesterday
kaharap	in front of
kaharia	force
kaharian	kingdom
kahariang	kingdom
kahati	share
kahatulan	judgment
kahatulang	judgment
kahawig	similar
kahayagan	clarity
kahi	where
kahibangan	madness
kahigaan	lieth
kahigitan	superiority
kahigpitan	strictness
kahigtan	superiority
kahihinatnan	consequence
kahihingi	request
kahihintay	waiting
kahihiwalay	separation
kahihiya	shame
kahihiyan	shame
kahihiyang	shameful
kahiligan	inclination
kahilingan	request
kahilingang	request
kahima	shame
kahiman	wisdom
Kahimanawari	God grant
kahina	weakness
kahinaan	weakness
kahinahunan	gentleness
kahinatnan	fate
kahindik	sensational
kahingian	requirement
kahinhinan	modesty
kahirap	poor
kahirapa	misery
kahirapan	difficulty
kahirapang	difficulty
kahit	even
kahiwagaan	mystery
kahiya	shame
kahiyahiya	shame
kahiyahiyang	shameful
kahon	box
kahong	box
kahoy	TREES
kahubaran	nudity
kahugis	shape
kahuhulugan	headmaster
kahuli	last
kahulihuliha	turn around
kahulihulihan	lastly
kahulihulihang	last
kahuluga	meaning
kahulugan	meaning
kahusayan	efficiency
kahustuhan	perfection
kahuyan	forest
kaiba	kaiba
kaibahan	difference
kaibaibabaan	kaibaibabaan
kaibaibabawan	the most important
kaibhan	kaibhan
kaibig	lovely
kaibiga	friend
kaibigan	friend
kaibigang	friend
kaibiganin	befriend
kaibigibig	lovely
kaibuturan	depth
kaiinggitan	envy
Kaiinisan	Disgust
kaiisip	thought
kaiiyak	crying
kaikli	short
kaikling	short
kaiksi	kayaksi
kaila	style
kailalima	fifth
kailaliman	abyss
kailalimang	fifth
kailan	when
kailang	when
kailanga	how much
kailangan	necessary
kailangang	necessary
kailanganin	need
kailanma	ever
kailanman	ever
kailanman 	ever 
kailanmaʼy	ever
kailanpaman	ever
kain	cloth
kainan	restaurant
kaing	crate
kaingay	noise
kainggitan	envy
kainin	eat
kainin 	eat 
kaining	this
kainitan	warmth
kaisa	kaisa
kaisang	promote
kaisipa	thought
kaisipan	thought
kaisipang	thought
kaitaasan	altitude
kaitaasang	altitude
kaitiman	blackness
Kaiwan	Kaiwan
kakabakaba	sly
kakagat	bite
kakagatin	bitten
kakahabagan	compassion
kakahanap	looking for
kakaharapin	to face
kakahuya	clothes
kakahuyan	woodland
kakaiba	strange
kakaibang	strange
Kakaibiganin	Friendliness
kakailanganin	will be needed
kakailanganing	will be required
kakain	will eat
kakain 	will eat 
kakainan	to eat
kakaing	food
kakainin	to eat
kakaining	this will be eaten
kakaiyak	will cry
kakakain	just eaten
kakalaban	opponent
kakalabanin	to be fought
kakaladkarin	to be dragged
kakaladkaring	kakaladkaring
kakalagan	looseness
kakalagin	to be separated
kakalahating	kakalahating
kakalat	spread
kakalatan	abundance
kakalbuhan	baldness
kakalbuhin	bald
kakaligtaang	recently missed
kakalimutan	will be forgotten
kakalimutang	forget
kakalinga	shelter
kakalingain	to be taken care of
kakaliwa	left-handed
Kakalkalin	Will be calculated.
kakalma	calm
kakalong	hug
kakalungin	will be embraced
kakalupkupan	inlay
kakambal	twin
kakampay	fellow worker
kakampi	ally
kakampihan	side
kakamping	camper
kakamtan	achievement
kakamtin	to be achieved
kakanan	right
kakandili	kakandili
kakandilihin	to be cherished
kakanin	snack
kakaning	aunt
kakanlong	brother long
kakanlungan	the backbone
kakapalan	density
kakapit	clinging
kakapunin	to be pruned
kakapusin	shortage
Kakargahan	Cargo
kakargahing	loading
kakaripas	just passed
kakasamahin	colleague
kakasya	enough
kakatalikod	just turned away
kakatawan	representative
kakatayin	slaughtered
kakaunti	few
kakauntian	scarcity
kakaunting	few
kakausapin	to talk to
kakawag	wagtail
kakawitan	first
kakawitin	tied up
kakayahan	ability
kakayahang	ability
kakayanan	ability
kakayanang	ability
kakayanin	can handle
kakikitaan	visibility
kakila	amazing
kakilabutan	horror
kakilakilabot	terrible
kakilala	acquaintance
kakinangan	sly
kakisigan	elegance
kakitaan	income
kakulangan	shortage
kakulangang	lack
kakulay	shade
kakulitan	trouble
kakutyaan	little fear
kalaba	again
kalaban	opponent
kalabang	opponent
kalabanin	oppose
kalabasang	pumpkin
kalabaw	buffalo
kalabisan	excess
kalabuan	ambiguity
kaladkarin	drag
kalag	SOUL
kalagan	loose
kalagaya	abundance
kalagayan	condition
kalagayang	condition
kalagim	haunting
kalagimlagim	horrible
kalagin	loosen
kalagitnaan	middle
kalaguyo	lover
kalagyan	container
kalahatan	overall
kalahati	half
kalahatian	half
kalahating	half
kalahi	race
kalahian	difference
kalahing	difference
kalahok	participant
Kalai	Carving
kalakal	goods
kalakalahati	kalakalahati
kalakalan	trade
kalakalin	to trade
kalakas	strength
kalakasa	strength
kalakasan	strength
kalakasang	strength
kalakasaʼy	body
kalakhan	vastness
kalakhang	largely
kalaki	size
kalakilakihan	greatest
kalaking	big
kalakip	attached
kalalabasan	outcome
kalalagyan	location
kalalakad	walking
kalalakihan	men
kalalakihang	men
kalalaking	men
Kalalampas	Beyond
kalalim	depth
kalaliman	depth
kalalimang	deeply
kalalimlaliman	abyss
kalaman	words
kalamangan	advantage
kalamidad	disaster
kalamiga	with fish
kalamnan	MUSCLE
kalamo	black
kalan	remainder
kalangita	the sky
kalangitan	sky
kalangitlangitan	sky high
kalansay	skeleton
kalaon	kalaon
kalaparan	famine
kalapastanganan	blasphemy
kalapastanganang	blasphemous
kalapati	pigeon
kalapating	pigeon
kalapit	nearby
kalarawan	image
kalaro	playmate
kalasag	shield
kalasin	disassemble
kalasingan	drunkenness
kalasuwaan	leisure
kalaswaan	obscenity
kalat	scattered
kalatan	kalatan
kalatis	kalatis
kalaunan	later
kalawak	wide
kalawakan	universe
kalawakang	universe
kalawang	rust
kalayaa	freedom
kalayaan	freedom
kalayaan 	freedom 
kalayaang	freedom
kalayawan	pleasure
kalaykay	rake
kalayo	FIRE
kalayua	distance
kalayuan	distance
kalayulayuang	long distance
kalbo	bald
kalbuhin	to shave
kalburo	rot
kaldera	caldera
kaldero	POTS
kalderong	pot
kalibugan	lust
kalidad	quality
kaligaligan	turmoil
kaligasan	salvation
kaligayaha	alone
kaligayahan	happiness
kaligayahang	happiness
kaligtaan	neglect
kaligtaang	left
kaligtasa	safety
kaligtasan	safety
kaligtasang	safety
kalihim	secretary
kaliit	smallness
kaliitan	smallness
kaliitliitan	smallness
kaliitliitang	tiny
kalikasan	nature
kalikuan	injustice
kalikutan	prank
kaliligtaan	neglect
kaliligtaang	freedom
kalilimutan	oblivion
kalilimutang	forgetful
kalilitaw	apparently
kalimutan	forget
kalimutang	forget
kalinga	kalinga
kalingain	take care of
kalingkingan	little finger
kalinisan	cleanliness
kalipian	who were
kalipunan	group
kaliskis	scales
kalisyaan	calisyaan
kalituhan	confusion
kaliwa	left
kaliwanaga	clarity
kaliwanagan	clarity
kaliwang	left
kaliwete	left-handed
kaliweteng	left-handed
kalo	if
kaloban	many
kalokohan	nonsense
kaloob	gift
kalooban	mood
kaloobang	will
kalooblooban	interior
kaloobloobang	innermost
kalsada	road
kalsadang	road
kalsedonia	chalcedony
kaluban	sheath
kalubha	severity
kalugdan	pleasure
kalugihan	loss
kalugod	pleasure
kalugodlugod	pleasant
kalugud	happy
kaluguran	pleasure
kalulugdan	pleasure
kaluluguran	pleasure
kaluluwa	soul
kaluluwang	soul
kaluluwaʼt	soul
kalumbayan	sadness
kalumbayang	sadness
kalungin	embrace
kalungkutan	sadness
kalungkutang	sadness
kalunuran	western
kalunurang	tragedy
kalunus	pathetic
kalupaa	tool
kalupaan	land
kalupitan	cruelty
kalupitang	cruel
kalupkop	plating
kaluskos	rustle
kalusuga	health
kalusugan	health
kaluwagan	relief
kaluwalhatia	glory
kaluwalhatian	glory
kaluwalhatiang	glory
kaluwaluwalhati	gloriously
kaluwangan	breadth
kaluwatan	delay
kalye	street
kalyeng	cross
kama	like
kamag	relative
kamaganak	relative
kamaganakan	family
kamahal	expensive
kamahalan	majesty
Kamai	Baby
kamakailan	recently
kamakapangyarihan	omnipotence
kamalasan	misfortune
kamalay	awareness
kamalia	horrible
kamalian	error
kamaliang	error
kamalig	StorehouSe
kamaligan	of store
kamaligin	beautiful
kamamatay	recently deceased
kamandag	venom
kamang	bed
kamanggagawa	coworker
kamangha	wonder
kamanghaan	marvel
kamanghamangha	kamanghamangha
kamanghamanghang	remarkable
kamangmangan	ignorance
kamangmangang	the mangmangang
kamangyan	incense
kamangyang	incense
kamanyang	incense
kamao	fist
kamarero	camel
kamataya	death
kamatayan	death
kamatayan 	death 
kamatayang	death
kamatayaʼy	death
kamaw	washbasin
kamay	hand
kambal	twins
kambing	goat
kamello	camel
kamelyo	camel
kamelyong	camel
kami	we
kami 	we 
kaming	we
kamisetang	shirt
kamiʼy	kamiʼy
kamkami	kamkami
kamkamin	grab
Kamon	Bow
kampamento	encampment
kampamentong	encampment
kampanang	bell
kampanilya	bell
kampanilyang	bell tower
kampante	complacent
kampay	wave
kampeon	champion
kampi	cAMP
kampihan	support
kampo	field
kampon	field
kamtan	achievement
kamtin	achieve
kamuhian	hate
kamukha	looks like
kamumuhian	hatred
kamunduhan 	worldliness 
kamunduhang	download
kamungkahian	marriage
kamunti	you
kamusmusan	childhood
kamustahin	say hello
Kana	Not at all
kanais	desirable
kanaisnais	desirable
kanal	channel
kanan	right
kanang	right
kanayunan	countryside
kandado	lock
kandadong	locks
kandelero	candlestick
kandelerong	chandelier
kandila	candle
kandilang	candle
kandili	holy night
Kandilihin	foster
kandiling	Kandiling
kandungan	content
Kandungin	Contain
kanela	cinnamon
kang	bro
kang 	bro 
kani	sound
kanikanilang	each one
kanikaniya	kanikaniya
kanikaniyang	their own
kanila	theirs
kanila 	theirs 
kanilang	their
kanilang 	their 
kanilaʼy	they have
kanin	rice
kanina	a while ago
kaninang	earlier
kaninang 	earlier 
kaning	this
kaningningan	brilliance
kanino	to whom
kaninoman	anyone
kaninomang	anyone
kaninong	whose
kaninuman	anyone
kaninumang	anyone's
kaniya	HIM
kaniyahin	himself
kaniyang	his/her
kanlong	kanlong
kanlungan	shelter
kanlura	western
kanluran	west
kanlurang	western
kanselahin	cancel
kanser	cancer
kantahin	sing
kantero	mason
kanterong	canter
kanto	beautiful
kanunuan	Law of Law
kanunununuan	law of the law
kanya	him/her
kanyang	his
kanyang 	his 
kanyaʼy	you are
Kap	Cape
kapa	or
kapabayaan	negligence
kapag	when
kapagalan	exhaustion
kapagdaka	immediately
kapaguran	fatigue
kapahamakan	disaster
kapahamakang	disaster
Kapahayagan	Revelation
kapahingahan	rest
kapahingahang	rest
kapahintulutan	permission
kapahintulutang	permitted
kapait	bitterness
kapaitan	bitterness
kapaitang	bitterly
kapaitpait	sore
kapaitpaitan	bitterly
kapakanan	welfare
kapaki	useful
kapakinabangan	benefit
kapakinabangang	benefit
kapakumbabaan	humility
kapal	boat
kapalalo	bottom
kapalalua	doubt
kapalaluan	pride
kapalaluang	pride
kapalaran	fate
kapalarang	fate
kapaligiran	environment
kapalit	replacement
kapaliwanagan	explanation
kapamahalaan	authority
kapamahalaang	authority
kapamilya	family member
kapana	good
kapanaghilian	ENVYINGS
kapanahunan	period
kapanahunang	period
kapanalig	ally
kapanatagan	security
kapangahasan	audacity
kapangakuan	engagement
kapanganakan	birth
kapanganakang	birth
kapanganiban	danger
kapanginigan	turned
kapangit	ugly
kapangitan	ugliness
kapanglawa	second time
kapanglawan	sadness
kapanglawang	bitterness
kapanglawpanglaw	bitter
kapanglupaypayan	weakness
kapangyariha	power units are
kapangyarihan	power
kapangyarihan 	power 
kapangyarihang	power
kapangyarihaʼy	power
kapani	believe
kapanig	ally
kapansanan	disability
kapansin	eye
kapantasan	cleverness
kapantay	equal
kapapalit	recently replaced
kapapanganak	birth
kapaparatang	the captain
kapaparito	cabbage
kapaparoonan	destination
kapaparunan	community
kapaparunang	the world
kapapasan	expiration
kapapayat	kapapayat
kapara	down payment
kaparaanan	method
kaparangan	wilderness
kapararakan	nonsense
kapareha	partner
kapareho	same
kapares	partner
kaparis	comparable
kapariwaraan	advertising
kaparte	partner
kaparteng	partner
kaparusahan	punishment
kaparusahang	punishment
kapasiyahan	decision
kapaslangan	sacrilege
kapasyaha	decision
kapasyahan	decision
kapatagan	plains
kapatagang	plain
kapatas	foreman
kapatawaran	forgiveness
kapatawarang	forgiveness
kapatid	sibling
kapatiran	brotherhood
kapayapaa	peace
kapayapaan	peace
kapayapaang	peace
kapayatan	thinness
kapighatian	sorrow
kapighatiang	affliction
kapiling	next to
kapinsalaan	damage
kapinsalaang	damage
kapintasan	VIOLENCE
kapintasang	flaw
kapipigil	holding
kapipilit	forced
kapiraso	piece
kapirasong	piece
kapisanan	association
kapisanang	association
kapistahan	feast
kapistahang	festive
kapit	tight
kapita	chapter
kapitan	captain
kapitang	captain
kapitbahay	neighbor
kapitel	chapter
kapitolyo	capital
kapitulong	capital
kapon	head
kapootan	hatred
kapopootan	hatred
kapos	in the cemetery
kapula	red
kapulaan	amiss
kapuluan	archipelago
kapulungan	assembly
kapulungang	assembly
kapunin	kapunin
kapunuan	fullness
kapupunta	coming soon
kapuri	praiseworthy
kapurihan	praise
kapuripuri	scold
kapus	goal-keeper
kapusikitan	congestion
kapusin	fall short
kapuspusan	abundance
kapusukan	fury
kapusungan	profanity
kapusungang	blasphemy
kaputian	whiteness
kaputol	fragment
kapuwa	neighbor
kapuwang	fellow
kapwa	both
Kar	What
karagata	karaagata
karagatan	ocean
karagatang	ocean
karagdagan	addition
karagdagang	additional
karahasa	carahasa
karahasan	violence
karahasang	violence
karaingan	grievance
karakaraka	immediately
karakarakang	immediately
karalitaan	poverty
karamay	with compassion
karamdaman	illness
karamdaman 	illness 
karamdamang	illness
karami	small
karamiha	most
karamihan	most
karamihang	most
karaming	many
karampatan	appropriate
karampatang	competent
karanasan	experience
karangala	karangala
karangalan	honor
karangalang	honor
karangaldangal	karangaldangal
karangyaan	luxury
karangyaang	luxury
karaniwan	common
karaniwang	usually
karapat	worthy
karapatan	right
karapatang	right
karapatdapat	worthy
Kararaan	Kararan
kararating	recently arrived
kararatingan	kararatingan
kararatnan	kararatnan
karatig	neighboring
karatihan	karatihan
karatula	sign
karayaan	can
karayaang	karayaang
karayagan	karayagan
karayom	needle
karbungko	carbuncle
Karea	Lime
karereklamo	complaint
karga	load
kargado	shipping
kargahan	load
kargamento	CARGO
kargang	cargo
karibal	rival
karikitan	cricket
kariktan	beauty
karilagan	splendor
Karilagang	Karilagang
karimlan	darkness
kariringgan	career
karit	challenge
kariton	cart
karitong	cart
Karka	Do not
Karkor	Karkor
Karmi	Harsh
Karnaim	Karnaim
karne	meat
karneng	meat
karo	with
karong	THIS
karoonan	crown
karoroonan	caroloonan
karpet	carpet
karpintero	carpenter
karpinterong	carpenter
karro	car
Karta	Can
Kartan	The map
Kartha	kartha
karugtong	continuation
karukhaan	poverty
karumal	filthy
karumalan	impurity
karumaldumal	filthy
karumhan	karumhan
karumi	Karumi
karumihan	impurity
karununga	wisdom
karunungan	wisdom
karunungang	wisdom
karupukan	fragility
karwahe	carriage
karwahe 	carriage 
karwaheng	carriage
kasa	fail
kasabay	simultaneously
kasabayan	contemporary
kasabihan	proverb
kasabihang	proverb
kasabikan	excitement
kasabwat	accomplice
kasagana	abundance
kasaganaan	prosperity
kasaganaang	abundance
kasagsagan	abundance
kasagutan	answer
kasagutang	answer
kasakbatan	appointed
kasakbatang	young
kasakdalan	perfection
kasakiman	greed
kasakunaan	disaster
kasakunaang	disaster
kasakyan	ride
kasal	wedding
kasal 	wedding 
kasalamuha	socializing
kasalan	wedding
kasalana	sin
kasalanan	sin
kasalanang	sin
kasalatan	scarcity
kasali	involved
kasaliw	indescribably
kasalo	partner
kasalubong	welcome
kasalukuya	my situation
kasalukuyan	present
kasalukuyang	current
kasama	with
kasamaa	evil
kasamaan	evil
kasamaang	evil
kasamahan	colleague
kasamahang	companion
kasamahin	include
kasamang	accompanying
kasamasama	together
kasamasamaan	companion
kasamasamang	together
kasamaʼy	including
kasambahay	maid
kasanayan	skill
Kasang	curtain
kasangbahay	housemate
kasangguni	consultant
kasangkap	ingredient
kasangkapa	furniture
kasangkapan	furniture
kasangkapang	tool
kasapatan	sufficiency
kasapi	member
kasariwaan	freshness
Kasasabi	Recently said
kasasabikan	excitement
kasasadlakan	insecurity
kasasalita	conversationalist
kasasanghian	arise
kasasapitan	recent
kasawayan	shortcomings
kasawia	unfortunate
kasawian	misfortune
kasawiang	misfortune
kasayahan	joy
kasayahang	joy
kasaysaya	history
kasaysayan	history
kasaysayang	history
kasi	because
kasia	Kasia
kasibulan	spring
kasigasigang	zealously
kasiglahan	enthusiasm
kasiguraduhan	certainty
kasikatan	popularity
kasimbanal	sacred
kasimbango	like a monkey
kasimbilis	as fast as possible
kasimbilog	As round
kasimpula	the conclusion
kasimputi	the scapegoat
kasindakan	horror
kasindakila	as great as
kasindaksindak	terrifying
kasindami	as many
kasindumi	disgusting
kasing	as much as
kasinggaan	as light as
kasingganda	as beautiful as
kasinggulang	same age
kasinghalaga	equally important
kasinghirap	as hard
kasingkintab	slick as
kasinglakas	as strong as
kasinglaki	as big as
kasinglasa	as tasty as
kasinglayo	far
kasingliit	kasin union
kasinglinaw	as clear as
kasingliwanag	as bright as
kasingnipis	as thin as a feather
kasingpino	as fine
kasingputi	as white as
kasingrupok	as fragile as
kasingsama	wickedness
kasingtaas	high as
kasingtamis	as was
Kasingtibay	As strong as
kasingtigas	as hard as
kasinlakas	as strong as
kasinlaki	as big as
Kasinlalim	As deep as
kasinlambot	as soft as
kasinlawak	as wide as
kasinrupok	skinny guy
kasinsama	as bad
kasintaas	as high as
kasintagal	as long as
kasintahan	girlfriend
kasintahang	girlfriend
kasintalim	as deep as
kasintamis	kasintamisi
kasintangkad	as tall as
kasintanyag	as famous
kasintapang	as cute as a dog
kasintatag	as stable as possible
kasintibay	as strong
kasintigas	hardness
kasintindi	as much as possible
kasintiyak	how sure
kasintunog	consonant
kasinungalingan	lie
kasinungalingang	lie
kasipagan	diligence
kasiping	partner
kasiraa	burning
kasiraan	damage
kasiraang	damage
kasisidlan	container
kasisikat	very famous
kasisilang	newborn
kasisindakan	so scary
kasiya	satisfactory
kasiyaha	shame
kasiyahan	pleasure
kasiyahang	pleasure
kaso	case
kasong	case
kasosyo	partner
kastaneta	castanets
kastano	chestnut
kastanyo	hazel
kastillo	kastillo
kastilyo	castle
kasu	case
kasuan	in case
kasukalan	thicket
kasukasuan	joint
kasukat	fur coat
kasukatan	measure
kasuklam	disgust
kasuklaman	disgust
kasuklamsuklam	disgusting
kasulatan	SCRIPTURE
kasulatang	written
kasuluk	in the dark
kasumpa	curse
kasumpaan	curse
kasumpungan	found
kasunduan	agreement
kasunduan 	agreement 
kasunduang	agreement
kasunod	next
kasuotan	clothing
kasuotang	clothing
kasusuklaman	abhorrent
kasusumpungan	case of collection
kasutsutan	kasutsutan
kasuutan	costume
kasuutang	clothing
kasuwail	business
kasuwailan	business
kasuwalian	business
kasuwayan	the business
kasuyaan	loathe
kasuyo	lover
kasya	fit
kat	at
kataas	MOST
kataasan	height
Kataastaasa	Highest
kataastaasan	highest
kataastaasang	highest
katabaan	obesity
katabi	next to
katabilan	closeness
katabing	adjacent
katad	leather
kataga	term
katagal	long time
katagalan	long time
katagang	term
katagumpay	success
katagumpayan	success
katahimikan	silence
kataka	strange
katakam	greedy
katakataka	strange
katakatakang	amazing
katakawan	greed
katakot	fear
kataksilan	betrayal
katakut	terrible
katakutan	horror
katakutang	fear no
katalagahan	destiny
katalahiban	katalahiban
katalinuhan	intelligence
katalinuhang	intelligence
katam	plane
katamaran	laziness
katamisan	sweetness
katampalasanan	lawlessness
katampatan	catamaran
katampatang	the word "patch"
katamtaman	moderate
katamtamang	moderate
katandaan	old age
katandaan 	old age 
katandatandaan	old age
katanggap	acceptable
katanghalian	noon
katanghaliang	noon
katangi	characteristic
katangia	laugh
katangian	characteristic
katangiang	characteristic
katanunga	justice
katanungan	question
katanyagan	fame
katanyagang	fame
katao	person
katapangan	courage
katapangang	courage
katapat	counterpart
katapata	catapata
katapatan	honesty
katapatang	honesty
katapus	after
katapusan	end
katapusang	LAST
katapustapusa	finally
katapustapusan	Finally
katapustapusang	last
katarunga	justice
katarungan	justice
katarungang	justice
katas	juice
Katat	Katat
katatagan	stability
katatakutan	horror
katatakutang	scary
katatapos	just finished
katatawanan	humor
katau	right
katauhan	personality
katawa	laughter
katawagan	name
katawan	body
katawan 	body 
katawang	body
katawatawa	funny
Katawaʼy	Body
katayan	slaughterhouse
katayin	slaughter
katayuan	status
katha	katha
kathang	fiction
kati	middle
katibaya	bad luck
katibayan	evidence
katibayang	evidence
katig	preferential
katigas	hardness
katigasan	hardness
katigilan	astonishment
katihan	land
katimbang	proportionate
katimtiman	katimtiman
katimugan	south
katimugang	southern
katindi	very much
katinikan	consonant
katinuan	sanity
katipan	lover
katisuran	katisura
Katitigil	Stopped
katiting	very little
katitingin	just look
katitisuran	stumbling block
katititig	staring
katiwala	trustee
katiwalaan	trust
katiwalang	trustee
katiwalaʼy	trustee
katiwalian	corruption
katiwasayan	security
katiwasayang	peace of mind
katiyaga	perseverance
katiyagaan	patience
katiyakan	certainty
katok	knock
katotohana	truth
katotohanan	truth
katotohanang	fact
katubigan	WATERS
katubusan	redemption
katugma	compatible
katugunan	response
katulad	similar
katulad 	similar 
katulong	assistant
katumbas	equivalent
katunaya	truth
katunayan	fact
katunayang	fact
katungayawan	execration
katunggali	competitor
katungkulan	office
katungkulang	position
katunog	consonant
katuparan	fulfillment
katuparang	fulfillment
katuring	cutting
katuruan	teaching
katuruang	education
katusuhan	cunning
katutubo	native
katutubong	native
katuturan	meaning
katututuhan	learning
katutuwaan	joy
katuwa	funny
katuwaa	scold
katuwaan	fun
katuwang	partner
katuwidtuwiran	righteousness
katuwira	literally
katuwiran	righteousness
katuwirang	rightly
katuyaan	katuyaan
katuyuan	purpose
kaugaan	far away
kaugalian	custom
kaugaliang	custom
kaugnay	related
kaugnayan	relationship
kauhaw	thirst
kauhawan	thirst
kaukulan	appropriate
kaukulang	corresponding
kaulam	bone
kaululan	madness
kaululang	madness
kaumpok	village
kauna	adore
Kaunaunahan	First
kaunaunahang	first
kaunawaan	understanding
Kaunin	Beautiful
kaunlaran	development
kaunti	little
kaunting	a little
kaupahan	wealth
kaupahang	company
kaupuan	cloud
kauri	thickness
kausap	person one is talking to
kausapin	talk to
kautangang	duty
kautusa	law
kautusan	law
kautusang	law
kauuwian	homecoming
Kaw	Close
kawa	bitter
kawad	wire
kawag	wiggle
kawakasan	end
kawal	control
kawal 	control 
kawala	unbound
kawalaang	absence
kawalan	control
kawalang	absence
kawalanghiyaang	shamelessness
kawalangkabuluhan	vanities
kawali	frying pan
kawaling	frying pan
kawan	friend
kawang	VAIN
kawangis	similar
kawangisan	likeness
kawani	STAFF
kawanihan	bureau
kawasa	powerful
kawasakan	area
kawasang	area
kawawa	pitiful
kawawang	poor
kawikaan	proverb
kawikaang	proverb
kawil	hook
kawili	interesting
kawit	hook
kay	with
kaya	so
Kaya 	So 
kayabang	arrogance
kayabangan	arrogance
kayabangang	arrogance
kayakap	hug
kayamana	wealth
kayamanan	wealth
kayamanan 	wealth 
kayamanang	treasure
kayamuan	greed
kayamutan	hardness
kayang	can
kayarian	structure
kayat	want
kayayamutan	valuables
kayaʼt	kayaʼt
kayaʼy	how much
kaydaling	so easy
kaygaganda	beautiful
Kaylalaki	Kaylalaki
kaylan	when
kayo	you
Kayo 	You 
kayong	you
kayoʼt	kayoʼt
kayoʼy	kayoʼy
kaypala	kaypala
kaysa	than
kaytagal	so long
kayumanggi	brown
Kazin	Club
kaʼt	ka't
kaʼy	kaʼy
Kebar	New
Kedar	Kedar
Kedema	Kedema
Kedemot	Kedemoth
Kedes	Kedesh
Kedesh	Kadesh
Kedorlaomer	Chedorlaomer
Kefar	Kefar
Kefira	Kefir
Kehelata	Disappearance
Keila	Keila
Kelaia	Kelaia
Kelaias	Class
Kelal	Kelal
Kelaya	Castle
Kelita	Alone
Kelub	Club
Kelubai	Kelubai
Keluhi	Keluhi
Kemosh	Chemosh
Kemuel	Kemuel
Kenaana	Canaan
Kenan	Kenan
Kenani	Canaan
Kenania	Canaan
Kenanias	Kenanias
Kenaniaz	Kenaniaz
Kenat	Kenat
Kenath	Kennath
Kenaz	Kenaz
Kenaz 	Kenaz 
kendeng	squeaky
Keneo	Keneo
Kenita	Kenite
Kenizeo	Kenizeo
Keramim	Keramim
Keran	Tap
Keren	Cool
Kereteo	Creteo
Keriot	Keriot
Kerit	Cigarette
kerubin	cherub
kerubing	kerubing
Kesalon	Salon
Kesed	Lazy
Kesil	Cut
keso	CHEESE
kesong	cheese
Kesulot	Kesulot
ketong	leprosy
ketongin	leper
Ketura	Keturah
Kezia	Kezia
Kezib	Wandering
Keziz	With pleasure
Kheth	Kheth
kibit	twitch
kibo	stomach
Kibrot	Kibrot
Kibroth	Kibroth
Kibsaim	Kibsaim
Kibzaim	Kibzaim
kidlat	lightning
kidnaper	kidnapper
kidneys	kidneys
Kidon	Kidon
Kidron	Kidron
kikayon	gourd
kikibo	sly
kikidlat	peeping
kikilabutan	horror
kikilala	will recognize
kikilalanin	will be recognized
kikilalaning	will be recognized
kikilanlin	will be identified
kikilanling	will be identified
kikilikin	will be pleased
kikilingan	to be biased
kikilos	will act
kikilusin	I was tickling.
kikindat	kikindat
kikislap	kikislap
kikita	will earn
kikitain	will earn
kikitil	will kill
kikitilin	will be cut
kikitlin	kikitlin
kila	every
kilabot	terrible
kilala	known
kilalang	well-known
kilalanin	recognize
kilalaning	recognize
kilanlin	identify
kilay	eyebrow
Kileab	Kileab
kili	kili
kilikili	armpit
kiling	sloping
Kilion	Chilion
kilitis	trial
Kilmad	Kilmats
kilo	kilo
kilometro	kilometer
kilometrong	kilometer
kilong	kilo
kilos	kilos
kiloʼt	kilo
kiluhan	kiluhan
kilusan	movement
kilusin	origin
Kimham	Kimham
kimi	like
kina	depth
kinaaawaan	pity
kinaaliwan	delight
kinaawaan	pity
kinabahan	nervous
kinabibilangan	includes
kinabibilangguan	imprisoned
kinabibitinan	whereon
kinabitan	attached
kinabukasa	tomorrow
kinabukasan	future
kinabukasang	future
kinabuwalan	lost
kinadalhang	thence
Kinadena	Kinadena
kinadenahan	Chained
kinagabiha	last night
kinagabihan	last night
kinagabihaʼy	last night
kinagagalakan	rejoiced
kinagalitan	scolded
kinagat	bitten
kinagawian	habit
kinagiliwan	fond of
kinagugulatan	surprised
kinahabagan	compassion
kinahahabagan	compassion
kinahahantungan	destination
kinahaharapan	wheel faced
kinahapunan	afternoon
kinahapunaʼy	afternoon
kinahihigaan	lying down
kinahihigan	wherein
kinahihinayangan	regret
kinahinatnan	consequence
kinahuhumalingan	obsession
kinahukayan	whence
kinahulugan	meaning
kinaibigan	friendship
Kinaiinisan	Disgusting
kinailangan	it was necessary
kinailangang	had to
kinain	eaten
kinainan	eaten
kinaing	eaten
kinainggitan	envied
kinainisan	disgusted
kinakaawaan	pitied
kinakaaway	enemy
kinakabahan	nervous
kinakagat	bitten
kinakaharap	facing
kinakaibigan	friendship
kinakailangan	necessary
kinakailangang	necessary
kinakain	eaten
kinakain 	eaten 
kinakaing	eaten
kinakalaban	being fought over
kinakaladkad	being dragged
kinakalag	untied
kinakalagan	being released
kinakalakal	traded
kinakalap	recruiting
kinakalawang	rusty
kinakalawkaw	stirring
kinakaligtaan	missed
kinakalimutan	forgotten
kinakalinga	cared for
kinakalong	cuddled
kinakamkam	seized
kinakampihan	sided
kinakamtan	achieved
kinakanan	right-handed
kinakandili	being nurtured
kinakandong	being held
kinakanta	sung
kinakanti	singing
kinakapos	lacking
kinakarga	loaded
kinakasama	partner
kinakasihan	inspired
kinakatakutan	feared
kinakatas	squeezed
kinakatawan	represented
kinakatay	slaughtered
kinakatayuan	standing
kinakatha	fabricated
kinakausap	being talked to
kinakikitaan	visible
kinakitaan	income
kinalaban	fought against
kinalabit	attached
kinalabog	banged
kinaladkad	dragged
kinalag	untied
kinalagan	released
kinalagyan	placed
kinalakihan	raised
kinalalagdaan	signature
kinalalagyan	location
kinalalakipan	attachment
kinalaman	related
kinalampag	rattled
kinalas	untied
kinalat	scattered
kinalatan	scattered
kinalaunan	later
kinalawkaw	stirred
kinalbo	shaved
kinaligtaan	neglect
kinaliligayahan	delight
kinalilimutan	forgotten
kinalilimutang	forgets
kinalilingiran	whose
kinalimutan	forgotten
kinalinga	sheltered
kinalingaʼt	attention
kinalong	embraced
kinalugdan	pleased
kinaluguran	pleasure
kinalulugdan	pleasing
kinalulugdang	delight
kinaluluguran	pleasure
kinalulugurang	pleased
kinalupkupan	overlay
kinamalig	store
kinamamatayan	dies
kinamatayan	death
kinamkam	seized
kinamot	scratched
kinamtan	achieved
kinamtang	moment
kinamuhian	hated
kinamulatan	awareness
kinamumuhian	hated
kinamusta	hello
kinanaan	the snow
kinandili	sweet
kinang	brilliance
kinanlungan	shelter
kinapal	creature
kinapanganakan	nativity
kinapapagurang	weary
kinapapanglawan	loathe
kinapapangyarihan	whom it happens
kinapapatungan	whereupon
kinaparoonan	whereabouts
kinapighatian	wherein
kinapon	gelding
kinapootan	hated
kinapopootan	hated
kinapopootang	hated
kinapos	short
kinapuntahan	where to go
kinapuotan	best
kinaputulan	hewn
kinararapatan	edge
kinararatingan	wherever
kinarga	loaded
kinargahan	loaded
kinaringgan	heard
kinaroonan	whereabouts
kinaroroonan	location
kinaroroonang	whereabouts
Kinasabwat	connived
kinasadlakan	stuck
kinasalubungan	wedding
kinasama	accompanied
kinasamaan	rebuked
kinasangkapan	equipment
kinasapitan	happened
kinasasabikan	eagerly awaited
kinasasaligan	foundation
Kinasasamaan	Were you
kinasasapitan	what is happening
kinasihan	inspired
kinasisidlan	contained
kinasisindakan	terror
kinasisingkawan	therein
kinasuklaman	hated
kinasumpungan	found
kinasusuklaman	hated
kinasusulatan	written
kinasusumpungan	found
kinatabuyan	whither
kinatahanan	home
kinatakutan	feared
kinatanghaliang	middle
kinatapunan	filled
kinatatagpo	meeting place
kinatataguan	hid
kinatatahanan	dwelt
kinatatakutan	feared
kinatatakutang	feared
kinatatamanan	most important
kinatatamaran	lazy
kinatatamnan	plantation
kinatatayuan	standing
kinatawan	representative
kinatay	carved
kinatayuan	standing
kinatha	invented
kinatisuran	offended
kinatitirahan	residence
kinatitisuran	stumble
kinatunawan	wherein
kinatunggali	rival
kinatutuluyan	sojourn
kinatutuwaan	enjoying
kinaugalian	custom
kinaugaliang	customary
kinaukulan	concerned
kinaumagaha	heavy
kinaumagahan	the next morning
kinaupuan	seated
kinausap	talked to
kinauugaliang	behavior
kinauuhawan	thirsty
kinauukulan	concerned
kinauupuan	seat
kinauupuang	seat
kinauuwian	homecoming
kinawayan	waved
kinawiwilihan	enjoyed
kinayamutan	hated
kinayamutang	abhorred
kinayaring	done
kinayas	run away
kinayayamutan	unpopular
kindat	wink
Kineret	Kineret
Kings	Kings
kinibo	kinibo
kinikikilan	being talked about
kinikilabutan	horror
kinikilala	recognized
kinikilalang	recognized
kinikilingan	biased
Kinikilos	Acting
kinikimkim	cherished
kinikita	income
kinilabutan	terrified
kinilala	recognized
kinilalang	recognized
kinilik	enjoyed
kinilos	moved
kinis	smoothness
kinisamihan	ceiling
kiniskis	scratched
kinita	income
kinitil	cut off
kinolekta	collected
kinontra	opposed
kinopya	copied
kinoronahan	crowned
kinubkob	besieged
kinuha	taken
kinuhanan	photographed
kinuhang	taken
kinukubkob	besieged
kinukuha	taking
kinukuha 	taking 
kinukulang	missing
kinukulong	imprisoned
Kinukumbinsi	Convincing
kinukumot	scratched
kinukumpara	compared
kinukumusta	hello
kinukunan	being filmed
kinukunsinti	tolerated
kinukunsumi	consumed
kinukupitan	occupied
kinukupkop	sheltered
kinukuskos	rubbing
kinukutya	mocked
kinukutyang	mocked
kinukuwintas	beaded
kinulang	lacked
kinulayan	colored
kinulong	imprisoned
kinulot	curled
Kinumbinsi	Convinced
kinumusta	how are you
kinumutan	shaved
kinupkop	adopted
kinuskos	rubbed
kinutaan	fortified
kinutya	mocked
kinutyaʼt	mocked
kinuwentuhan	told a story
kinwelyuhan	quilted
Kios	Stall
Kippur	Kippur
Kir	Did
Kirhareseth	Kirhareseth
Kiriat	KIRIATH
Kiriataim	Kiriathaim
Kiriath	Kiriath
Kiriatharba	Kiriatharba
kirot	pain
Kiryat	Kiryat
kiryataim	kiritaim
Kiryot	Kiryot
Kis	Small
kisame	kissame
kisameng	ceiling
kisap	twinkle
Kish	Kish
Kishi	Person
Kishion	Kishion
Kishon	Kishon
kisig	elegance
kislap	sparkle
Kislev	Kislev
Kislot	Giggle
Kison	Kiss
kita	We
kitang	income
Kitim	Kitim
kitlin	catlin
Kitlis	In a coat
Kitron	Hoof
Kizib	By the way
klase	class
klaseng	kind
ko	that
ko 	that 
Koa	So
Koath	Koath
kobrang	cobra
kobre	copper
Kohat	Kohat
kokondenahin	kokondenahin
kokontrahin	I will oppose.
Kolaias	Kolaias
Kolaya	Easy
koleksyon	collection
kolektahin	collect
kolonyang	colony
kolorete	lipstick
kolyar	kolyar
komadrona	midwife
komadronang	midwife
komang	the boss
komino	chimney
komisyoner	commissioner
kompas	compass
kondisyon	conditions
koneho	Rabbit
kong	kong
konseho	council
konsensya	conscience
kontento	content
konting	a little
kontrahin	to oppose
kopa	please
kopang	ask
kopitang	firewater Under threatening
kopyahin	copy
kopyang	copy
kor	up
Kora	Age
Korah	Korah
Koraita	Korahite
koral	coral
Korban	Victim
kordero	lamb
korderong	lamb
kordon	cord
kordong	cordon
Kore	No
kornalina	ruby
korneta	corn
kornisa	cornice
kornisang	cornice
koro	heart
korona	crown
koronahan	crown
koronang	crown
korong	puck
korte	short
korteng	court
koselete	cozy
koum	came
Koz	Cause
koʼt	koʼt
koʼy	koʼy
krimen	crime
krimeng	crime
kriminal	criminal
krisolito	chrysolite
krisopraso	chrysoprase
kristal	crystal
krus	cross
krus 	cross 
Kub	Hot
kuba	because
kubkob	encirclement
kubkubin	besiege
kubli	hide
kublihan	shelter
kublihang	hiding place
kubling	hidden
kubo	to them
kubol	hut
kubong	blanket
kubyerta	deck
kuchara	finished
kudlit	apostrophe
kudyapi	lute
Kue	Cake
kuerdas	sew
kugon	scab
kuhanin	take
kuhol	snail
kuko	because
kukong	nail
kukubkob	kukubkob
kukubkubin	kukubkubin
kukubkubing	it's a bubbling
kukudlitan	it's a fight
kukuha	will take
kukuhang	to be taken
kukuhanin	to be taken
kukulangin	less
kukulog	you are welcome
kukulungin	will be taken care of
kukumpas	to beat
kukumutin	scratch
kukunan	will shoot
kukunin	will be taken
kukuning	will take
kukupas	fade
kukupkop	cup of coffee
kukupkupin	cockcupcup
kukuskusin	kuskuscin
kukutyain	to be ridiculed
kukuwentahin	will be calculated
kukuwintasan	will be discussed
kulamin	witchcraft
kulandong	canopy
kulang	lacking
kulangin	lack
kulantro	coriander
kulay	color
kulay 	color 
kuliglig	cricket
kulimlim	overcast
kulisap	insect
kulog	thunder
kulot	curly
kulturang	culture
kulubot	wrinkle
kulukuti	where is it
kulunga	good
kulungan	prison
kulungang	prison
kulungin	to be imprisoned
kuluong	salary
kumadrona	midwife
kumagat	bite
kumai	kumai
kumaila	how about
kumailang	kumailang
kumain	eat
kumaing	eat
Kumakabog	Banging
kumakagat	biting
Kumakahig	Scratching
kumakahol	barking
kumakain	eating
kumakaing	eating
kumakalaban	fighting
kumakaladkad	dragging
kumakalampag	rattling
Kumakalansing	Jingle bells
kumakalat	spreading
kumakalawkaw	stirring
kumakalinga	taking care of
kumakampay	waving
kumakampi	taking sides
kumakanlong	hiding
kumakapa	crawling
kumakapal	thickening
kumakapit	clinging
kumakarga	loading
kumakasi	annoying
kumakasta	casting
kumakatawan	represents
kumakatay	butcher
kumakatha	creator
kumakati	itchy
kumakatok	knocking
kumakausap	talking
kumakawag	waving
kumalaban	fight
kumalabit	to be a boy
kumalag	break loose
kumalat	spread
kumalinga	take care of
kumalma	calm down
kumampi	take sides
kumander	commander
kumanta	sing
kumapal	thicken
kumapit	cling
kumaripas	rush
kumatawan	represent
kumatha	ends
kumati	says
kumatok	knock
kumatuwa	to be gray
kumaunti	kumaunti
kumawala	get loose
Kumbinsido	Convinced
kumbinsihin	convince
kumbinsihing	convince
kumibo	move
kumidlat	flash
kumidnap	kidnap
kumikibo	moving
kumikidlat	lightning
kumikilala	recognizing
kumikiling	leaning
kumikilos	acting
kumikinang	shining
kumikindat	winking
kumikirot	aching
kumikislap	flashing
kumikita	profitable
kumikitil	snatching
kumilala	acknowledge
kumiling	tilt
kumilos	act
kuminang	shine
kuminis	smooth
kumislap	sparkle
kumita	earn money
kumitil	kill
kumokontra	opposing
kumokontrol	controlling
kumot	blanket
kumpleto	complete
kumpol	cluster
kumubkob	besiege
kumubli	cumulus
kumuha	take
kumuhang	take
kumukontra	opposing
kumukubkob	besieging
kumukubli	kumukubli
kumukuha	taking
kumukuhang	taking
kumukulo	boiling
kumukulog	thundering
kumukulong	circling
kumukupas	fading
kumukutkot	paws
kumukutya	mocking
kumulang	less
kumulimlim	to the farmer
kumulog	thunder
kumulong	to talk
kumupas	fade
kumusta	hello
kumustahin	how are you
kumutan	kumutan
kumutob	to the moon
kunan	now
kundi	but
kundisyon	condition
kuneho	rabbit
kunehong	rabbit
kung	if
Kung 	If 
kungdi	kungdi
kuni	until
kunin	take
kuning	yellow
kuntil	little
kunwa	to drink
kunwang	fake
kunwari	pretend
kunwariʼy	supposedly
kupas	peel
kupkop	cupboard
kupkupin	shelter
Kurios	Which
kuripot	stingy
kurtina	curtain
kurtinang	curtain
kusa	almost
kusang	spontaneous
Kusaya	Cheek
kusinera	cook
kuskusin	rub
kuta	walls
kutang	debt
kutchara	to pour
kutis	complexion
kuto	lice
kutog	offense
kutsara	spoon
kutsarang	spoon
kutsilyo	knife
kutson	mattress
kutya	dog
kutyaan	wait
kutyain	mock
kuwadra	stable
kuwadrado	square
kuwago	owl
kuwagong	owl
kuwan	these
kuwarto	room
kuwatro	four
kuweba	cave
kuwebang	cave
kuwenta	bill
kuwentahin	calculate
kuwentang	bill
kuwerdas	string
kuwintas	necklace
kuwintasan	to hang
kuya	brother
kwadra	square
kwadrado	meters
kwadradong	square
kwadro	frame
kwartahan	rich
kwarto	bedroom
kwartong	room
kwatro	four
kweba	cave
kwebang	cave
kwelyo	collar
kwenta	account
kwentang	worthless
kwento	story
kwentong	story
kwentuhan	conversation
kwerdas	string
kwintas	necklace
la	the
Laabim	Laabim
Laad	Kick
Laada	Fair
Laadan	Kick
laan	lane
labag	against
labagin	violate
laban	against
labana	knife
labanan	fight
labanan 	fight 
labanang	battle
labanin	pound
labas	outside
labasan	exit
labasin	exit
labben	the paw
labhan	wash
labi	good
labî	labia
labimpitong	seventeen
labindalawa	twelve
labindalawang	twelve
labing	MOST
labingapat	fourteen
labingdalawa	twelve
labingdalawang	twelve
labingisa	eleven
labingisang	eleven
labinglimang	fifteen
labingsiyam	nineteen
labingtatlo	thirteen
labingwalo	eighteen
labingwalong	eighteen
labinlima	fifteen
labinlimang	fifteen
labinsiyam	nineteen
labis	excessive
labo	two
laboy	wanderer
labu	good
Lachis	Lachish
Lacum	Lake
Ladan	Inside
ladlad	unfolded
ladlaran	the lads
ladrillo	brick
Lael	On the ceiling
lagablab	flame
lagain	lags
lagalag	wanderer
laganap	widespread
laganapan	laganapan
lagapak	fall
lagare	Bearings
lagari	saw
lagasin	not allowed
lagaslas	slash
lagay	situation
lagayan	pouch
lagda	signature
lagdaan	sign
lagi	again
lagim	horror
laging	always
lagitik	click
laglag	fall
lagnat	fever
lagot	broken
lagpakan	landslide
lagpasan	surpass
lagusan	tunnel
lagutin	lagutin
lagyan	put
Lahad	Lahad
lahai	good
lahat	all
lahat 	all 
lahi	RACE
lahing	race
Lahmi	Lahmi
Lais	Voice
Laisa	Rice
Laish	Laish
lait	milk
laitin	to scold
lakad	walk
lakaran	sketch
lakarin	walk
lakaring	Lacquering
lakas	strength
lakasan	be strong
lakbayin	travel
laki	man
lakihan	grow up
laking	big
lakip	AMONG
Lakish	Lakish
laksa	laksa
laksalaksa	lakhs
laksalaksang	millions
laksan	accent
laksang	million
Lakum	Lakum
lala	with
lalaanan	to provide
lalabag	will violate
lalabagin	will be violated
lalaban	will fight
lalabanan	will fight
lalabas	will come out
lalabasan	will come out
lalabasin	will come out
lalabhan	lalabhan
lalabhan 	lalabhan 
lalabhang	laundry
lalabis	excess
lalabnutin	lalabnutin
lalabo	those
lalabong	blinded
lalaboy	wander
lalabukawin	trouble them any
lalagak	fall
lalaganap	will spread
lalagasin	lalagasin
lalagay	will put
lalagayan	lalagayan
lalagda	signature
lalagdaan	will sign
lalagi	stay
lalago	will grow
lalago 	will grow 
lalagong	grow
lalagpak	will fall
lalagpas	will pass
lalagpasan	will pass
Lalagutan	The song
lalagyan	container
lalagyang	container
lalaitin	to belittle
lalakad	walking
lalakaran	walking
lalakarin	to walk
lalakas	will grow stronger
lalakbayin	will travel
lalake	man
lalaki	man
lálaki	slang
lalaki 	man 
lalaking	man
lalakip	join
lalakipan	male
lalakiʼt	man
lalakpakan	applause
lalalangin	lalalangin
lalamangan	will be defeated
lalamig	it will be cold
lalamon	devour
lalampas	will exceed
lalampasan	will be exceeded
lalamuna	first
lalamunan	throat
lalamunin	to swallow
lalang	BEING
lalangin	create
lalanguhin	drunk
lalanguin	lalanguin
lalansagin	lalansagin
lalapa	fire
lalapain	to be covered
lalapastangan	lalapastangan
lalapastanganin	lalapastanganin
lalapit	will approach
lalapitan	will approach
lalaplapin	lalapipin
lalaruin	will play
lalasap	lalasap
lalasingin	lalasing
lalaslasin	lalaslasin
lalason	poison
lalatagan	dirty
lalawak	will expand
lalawig	will extend
lalawiga	province
lalawigan	province
lalawigang	province
lalaya	will be freed
lalayag	lalayag
lalayo	will go away
lalayuan	to be kept away from
lalim	depth
lalo	especially
lalong	especially
lalonglalo	especially
lalung	further
lama	long
lamad	membrane
lamak	to mak
Lamam	Lamam
laman	page
lamang	only
lamangkati	only a little
lamas	lamas
lambak	valley
lambanog	slingshot
lambat	slow
lambi	lamp
lambong	veil
lambot	softness
Lamec	Lamech
Lamech	Lamech
Lamedh	Lamedh
Lami	Delicious
lamig	cold
lamina	lamina
laminang	plate
lamok	mosquito
lampara	lamp
lamparang	lamp
lampas	lamps
lampasan	to pass
lampin	diaper
lampisawin	lampisawin
lamunin	swallow
lana	work
lanang	male
landas	path
landasan	runway
landasin	path
landasing	path
landmark	landmark
lang	just
lang 	just 
langaw	fly
langay	Asiatic
langayan	window
langaylangayan	langaylangayan
langgam	BIRDS
langib	scab
langibin	to be sick
langis	oil
langis 	oil 
langisan	oil well
langit	sky
langit 	sky 
lango	window
langong	langong
langoy	swimming
langsangan	long-term
Languhin	intoxicate
langung	directly
languyan	swim
languyin	swim
lansagin	dismantle
lansanga	street
lansangan	street
lansangang	street
lanseta	Rods
lanta	lanta
lantad	openly
lantang	loudly
lantaran	because
lantarang	openly
lantay	unadulterated
Laodicea	Laodicea
laon	Laon
laong	ancient
laot	ocean
lapad	width
lapag	floor
lapain	to flatten
lapastangan	blasphemous
lapastanganin	to blaspheme
lapastangin	paddle shifter
lapat	suitable
lapatan	application
Lapidot	Lapidot
Lapidoth	Lapidoth
lapis	lapis
lapit	closeness
lapitan	approach
lapitang	close
lapok	sheets
Laquis	Laquis
larangan	prohibition
larawan	picture
larawang	picture
laro	game
laruin	to play
laryo	brick
lasa	gone
lasang	FOREST
lasapin	taste
Lasaron	Lasaron
Lasea	Relax
lasenggero	drunkard
lasenggo	drunkard
lasenggong	Lasenggong
Lasha	Lasha
Lasharon	Lasharon
lasing	drunk
lasingin	get drunk
laso	ribbon
lason	poison
lasong	poison
lata	years
latag	carpet
latak	sediment
latang	can
latay	whip
latian	exercise
latigo	whipping
latigong	whip
latigong 	whip 
Latin	Latin
laudano	I praise
laurel	laurel
lawa	enough
lawak	extent
lawang	mace
laway	saliva
lawin	hawk
lawing	lawing
laya	laya
layag	sail
layain	layin
layang	kite
layaw	pampered
laylayan	hem
layo	far
layon	goal
layong	distance
layuan	stay away from
layuni	Layuni
layunin	purpose
layuning	purpose
Lazaro	Lazaro
Lazarus	Lazarus
Lea	That's it.
Leafra	Leaf
leanot	leanot
Leanoth	Leanoth
Leb	Leb
lebadura	yeast
lebadurang	leaven
Lebana	Face it
Lebano	Lebanon
Lebanon	Lebanon
lebaot	overrated
lebaoth	lebaoth
Lebcamai	Lebcamai
Lebo	Because
Lebohamat	Lebohamat
Lebona	See you later.
Leca	Leca
Lecha	New
Lechis	Lechis
leeg	empty
legal	legal
Lehab	Lehab
Lehabeo	Lehabeo
Lehabim	Lehabim
lehem	Bethlehem
lehi	lehi
leksyon	lesson
lelang	auction
lema	motto
Lemuel	Lemuel
lentehas	lentehas
lentejas	lentils
lentil	lentil
leon	leon
leona	leona
leong	leong
leopardo	leopard
leopardong	leopardong
lepta	lepta
Lesem	Through the forest
Leshem	Leshem
letra	letter
letrang	letter
Letuseo	Letuseo
Letusim	Letusim
Leumeo	Leumeo
Leumim	Leumim
Leummim	Leummim
Lev	Lev
levadura	yeast
Levi	Levi
leviatan	leviathan
Leviatang	Leviatang
Levita	Raised
Levita 	Raised 
Levitang	Leviticus
liab	red
libag	hole
libakin	ridicule
liban	Lebanon
libangin	entertain
Libano	Lebanon
Libanong	Lebanese
Libertino	Libertine
Libia	Libya
libing	funeral
libinga	grave
libingan	grave
libingang	funeral
libis	valley
liblib	remote
Libna	Lobna
libnat	to linger
Libni	Be happy
Libnita	Libnites
libo	THOUSANDS
libolibo	THOUSANDS
libolibong	THOUSANDS
libong	thousand
libot	AROUND
libra	libra
librang	free
libre	free
libreng	free
libu	thousand
libutin	tour
Libya	Libya
Licaonia	Licaonia
Licci	Lichen
Licia	Lycia
Lida	Lida
Lidda	Lidda
lider	leader
Lidia	Lidia
liebre	hare
ligalig	troubled
ligaliging	restless
ligaw	wild
ligaya	happiness
ligayang	happiness
ligid	surrounding
ligirin	ligirin
liglig	shaking
ligligin	shake
ligtas	safe
ligtas 	safe 
liham	letter
lihim	secret
lihim 	secret 
lihis	deviation
lihisan	to separate
lihiya	lye
liit	union
liitan	shrink
liitang	small
likas	natural
likat	viscous
likaw	coil
likha	creation
Likhaan	Create
likhain	create
likhang	creation
Likhi	Likhi
likmuan	likmuan
liko	left
likod	back
likong	crooked
liku	character
likuan	detour
likuang	roundabout
likuran	back
likurang	rear
lila	lila
lilibakin	lilibakin
lilibangin	lilybangin
lilibirin	the book
lilibuhin	will be destroyed
lilibutin	will tour
liligalig	will bother
liligaligin	will be disturbed
liligaw	will lead astray
liligawan	will court
liligaya	will be happy
liligid	lily
liligirin	liligirin
liligiring	pouring
lilihis	will deviate
lilihisan	to deviate
liliit	small
liliitan	will be reduced
lilikha	will create
lilikhain	will be created
liliko	will turn
lilikuan	lilikuan
lililim	lily
lililiman	overshadow
lilim	shade
lilimang	five
lilimangpuin	fifty
lilimasin	will clear
lilimbagan	discussion
lilimot	forgets
lilimusan	will be forgotten
lilimutin	will forget
lilinaw	will clarify
lilindol	it is a gift
lilingap	lingap
lilingapin	will be taken care of
lilingon	will turn around
lilingunin	to think about
lilinis	will clean
lilinisan	to clean
lilinisin	to clean
lilinising	clean up
lilinlangin	deceive
lilipad	will fly
liliparin	will fly
lilipas	will pass
lilipat	will move
lilipol	lilypol
lilipulin	will be destroyed
lilipuling	lily-livered
lilis	lily
lilisan	to leave
lilisanin	to be evacuated
lilitaw	appear
lilitisin	will be tried
lilito	Lilith
lilitsunin	lilitsunin
lilituhin	we were
liliwanag	will light up
liliwanagan	shine
liliwanagin	will clarify
lilo	use
lilong	fool
lily	lily
lima	five
limalimangpu	limalimangpu
limampu	fifty
limampung	fifty
limandaan	five hundred
limandaang	five hundred
limang	five
limangdaan	five hundred
limangpu	fifty
limangpuin	fifty
limangpung	fifty
limanlibo	limanlibo
limanlibong	limanlibong
limaʼy	five
limbag	print
limbas	file
limitasyon	limitation
limos	limos
limot	oblivion
limpak	lump
limutan	forget
limutin	forget
linabas	came out
linaganapan	filled
linaloes	linaloes
linaw	LAKE
linawin	clarify
lindero	boundary
lindol	earthquake
linen	linen
linga	linga
lingap	favor
lingapin	take care of
linggo	week
linggong	week
linggu	weekly
lingguhang	weekly
lingid	links
lingklod	lingklod
lingkod	servant
lingkod 	servant 
lingon	turn around
lingun	confused
lingunin	look back
linis	clean
linisan	clean
linisin	clean
Linisin 	Clean 
linising	clean
linlangin	deceive
lino	this
linong	shelter
linsad	linsad
linta	leech
lintik	lightning
linuma	netting
Linus	Linus
linya	line
lipad	flight
lipas	cockroach
lipasan	pass
lipat	fold
lipatan	fold
lipay	joy
lipi	lip
liping	tribe
lipol	lipol
lipos	full
lipulin	exterminate
lipuling	Lipulling
lipunan	society
Lipusin	I signed.
lira	lira
lirang	clear
lirio	lily
liryo	lily
liryong	lily
Lisanias	Lysanias
lisanin	leave
Lisias	Lysias
listahan	list
listahang	list
listo	list
listong	listong
Listra	Stripe
lisya	Lisa
litaw	prominent
literal	literal
literatura	literature
litid	tendon
litisin	to be tried
lito	bed
litong	confused
litro	liter
litrong	liter
litsunin	litsunin
lituhin	confuse
litung	gluttony
liwag	light
liwanag	light
liwanagan	light
liwasan	square
liwasang	clear
liwayway	dawn
liyab	flame
Lo	It
Loammi	Loammi
lobo	lobo
lobong	wolf
Lod	Lod
Lodebar	Solder bar
log	log
Lohes	Lohs
Loida	Loida
lokohin	fool
lola	lola
lolang	grandmother
lolo	grandfather
lolokohing	fool
lolong	howl
loloob	will enter
lolooban	inside
loloobin	will be pleased
loloʼt	loloʼt
lona	his/her
longki	long tail
loob	inside
loob 	inside 
looban	courtyard
loobang	courtyard
loobin	allow
look	look
loom	loom
losa	release
Lotan	Sleeping
lote	batch
Loth	Loth
loto	heart
Lu	Monday
lubak	pothole
lubayan	leisurely
lubha	very much
lubhang	extremely
lubid	rope
Lubim	I like
lublob	very deep
lubluban	in Lublu
lubog	submerged
lubos	completely
lubus	completely
lubusan	completely
lubusang	completely
lubusin	completely
Luc	Luc
Lucas	Lucas
Lucio	Lucio
Lucius	Lucius
Lud	Lud
Ludeo	Ludeo
Ludim	I'm crazy.
Ludio	I play.
lugar	place
luglugin	luglugin
lugmok	fallen
lugod	joy
luha	tears
luhaan	tearful
luhaang	tearful
Luhit	LUHITH
Luhith	Luhith
luhuran	surrender
Luisa	Luisa
luklukan	throne
luklukang	throne
luko	wolf
lukong	concavity
lukot	locks
luksa	luxurious
luksang	happy
lukso	luxury
lukton	struggle
luku	number
lukuban	scold
lulan	aboard
lulong	desperate
lulubag	will be satisfied
lulubog	sink
lulubugan	to sink
lulubusin	to be completed
luluglugin	to drown
luluha	tears
luluhod	kneel
luluhuran	superiority
luluklok	sit
lulukob	settles
lulukso	jump
luluksuhan	graduation
luluksuhin	lululuxuhin
lulukuban	lukuban
lululan	it's sunny
lulunas	will be resolved
lulunasan	will be cured
lulundag	jump
lulunok	swallow
Lulunukin	Swallow
lulupig	canker
lulupigin	lulupigin
luluraan	body scrub
luluran	body scrub
luluray	scrub
lulurayin	lulurayin
lulusob	invade
lulusog	healthy
lulusong	jump
lulusubin	invade
lulusungin	to climb
lulutang	float
lulutuin	to cook
lulutuing	will cook
luluwa	tear
luluwalhati	will be glorified
luluwalhatiin	will be glorified
luma	front
lumabag	violate
lumaban	fight
lumabas	go out
lumabis	go too far
lumabo	blur
lumaganap	spread
lumagay	put
lumagda	sign
lumagi	stay
lumagmak	to sink
lumago	grow
lumagong	grow
lumagot	to grow
lumagpak	crash
lumagpas	exceed
lumait	lit up
lumakad	walk
lumakas	grow stronger
lumaki	grow up
lumaking	grow up
lumakip	stick together
lumala	worsen
lumalabag	infringer
lumalaban	resist
lumalabas	coming out
lumalabis	excessive
lumalabo	fading
lumalaboy	wandering
lumalagablab	flaming
lumalaganap	spreading
Lumalagapak	Clapping
lumalagi	staying
lumalaging	growing
lumalago	growing
lumalagpak	falling
lumalait	degrade
lumalakad	walking
lumalakas	getting stronger
lumalaki	growing
lumalaking	growing
lumalakip	close
lumalala	getting worse
lumalalang	worsening
lumalalim	deepening
lumalamlam	fading
lumalamon	devouring
lumalampas	surpassing
lumalamuray	fading
lumalang	create
lumalangoy	swimming
lumalansag	falling apart
lumalapa	collapse
lumalapad	widening
lumalapag	landing
lumalapastangan	blasphemous
lumalapat	applicable
lumalapit	approaching
lumalapnos	spreading
lumalasa	tasting
lumalatay	dying
lumalawak	expanding
lumalayag	sailing
lumalayas	running away
lumalayo	moving away
lumalim	deepen
lumambot	soften
lumamig	cool down
lumamlam	fade
lumamon	devour
lumampas	exceed
lumang	old
lumango	discipline
lumangoy	swim
lumapa	to fall down
lumapastangan	blaspheme
lumapit	come closer
lumapit 	come closer 
lumasa	taste
lumasap	savor
lumawak	expand
Lumawak 	Expand 
lumawig	expand
lumaya	be free
lumayag	sail
lumayas	run away
lumayo	stay away
lumayong	stay away
lumbak	lumbak
lumbay	sadness
lumibid	lumibid
lumibot	to go around
lumigaya	be happy
lumigid	to move around
lumigpit	lumigpit
lumigtas	survive
lumiham	write
lumihis	deviate
lumiit	shrink
lumikas	evacuate
lumikha	create
lumiko	turn
lumikong	turn
lumilibak	mocking
lumilibot	wandering around
lumiligalig	restless
lumiligid	rolling
lumilihis	deviating
lumilikaw	rolling around
lumilikha	creates
lumiliko	turns
lumililim	shadowing
lumilim	shade
lumilimlim	darkening
lumilimot	forgetting
lumilindol	earthquake
lumilingap	looking forward
lumilingon	looking back
lumilinis	cleaning
lumilipad	flying
lumilipana	wandering
lumilipas	passing
lumilipat	moving
lumilipol	destroying
lumilisan	leaving
lumilitaw	appears
lumilitis	litigating
lumiliwanag	brightening
lumiliyab	blazing
lumimot	forget
lumindol	earthquake
Luminga	Look up
lumingap	look around
lumingon	turn around
lumingun	turn around
luminis	of light
luminlang	deceive
lumipad	fly
lumipana	to fly away
lumipas	passed
lumipat	move
lumipol	lumipol
lumisan	leave
lumitaw	appeared
lumiwanag	shine
lumoloob	entering
lumoob	magic
lumpo	cripple
lumpong	paralysis
lumubha	lumbha
lumubog	sink
lumugmok	be knocked down
lumuha	shed tears
lumuhod	kneel
lumuklok	sit down
lumukob	cover
lumukso	jump
lumulan	come in
lumulang	come here
lumulon	swallow
lumulubha	worsening
lumulubhang	worsening
lumulubog	sinking
lumulubos	overflowing
lumulugmok	Couching
lumuluha	crying
lumuluhang	tearful
lumuluhod	kneeling
lumulukso	jumping
lumululan	to wander
lumululon	rolling
lumulundag	jumping
lumuluray	crumbling
lumulusob	attacking
lumulusong	descending
lumulusot	sneaking in
lumulutang	floating
lumulutas	solving
lumuluwa	spitting
lumuluwalhati	glorifying
lumuluwang	expanding
lumundag	jump
lumunsad	disembark
lumupig	repress
lumura	mud
lumuray	lumuray
lumusob	invade
lumusog	get healthy
lumusong	descend
lumusot	infiltrate
lumustay	to look around
lumutang	float
lumutas	solve
lumuwa	come out
lumuwalhati	glorify
lunas	cure
lunasan	cure
lundsod	grove sod
lungaw	pit
lungga	cave
lungkot	sadness
lungsod	city
lungtian	lungtian
luningning	brilliance
lunos	sad
lunsod	city
luntia	far away
luntian	green
luntiang	green
lunukin	swallow
lunusin	lunusin
lupa	forget
lupai	lupai
lupain	land
lupain 	land 
lupaing	land
lupalop	continent
lupang	land
lupasay	land
lupaypay	exhausted
lupaʼt	lupaʼt
lupaʼy	lupaʼy
lupig	overpowered
lupigin	conquer
lupit	harsh
lupong	circle
lura	treatment
luraan	lose
luray	mutilated
lurayin	notes
luslusin	luslusin
Lusob	Invasion
lusong	MORTAR
lusubin	invade
lusungan	descent
lusungin	to carry
lutang	floating
lutasin	solve
luto	cooked
lutong	cooked
lutuan	cook
lutuang	Bake
lutuin	cook
lutuing	cuisine
luwad	clay
luwal	open
luwalhati	glory
luwalhatiin	glorify
luwang	spacious
luwang 	spacious 
luwelang	the lang
Luz	Light
LXX	LXX
Lycaonia	Lycaonia
Lycia	Lycia
Lyda	Obey
Lydia	Lydia
Lysias	Lysias
Lystra	Lystra
ma	and
Maaabala	Disturbed
maaabot	reachable
maaabutan	will be overtaken
maaagang	early
maaagasan	leaky
maaagaw	will be seized
maaakay	I'm sorry.
maaalaala	memorable
maaalaalang	memorable
maaalagaan	can be cared for
maaalala	will remember
maaalaman	knowable
maaalipin	enslaved
maaalis	removable
maaaliw	entertaining
maaamo	gentle
Maaamoy	Smelly
maaangkin	claimable
maaani	harvestable
maaanihan	harvestable
maaano	how can
maaantala	will be delayed
Maaantig	Touchable
maaapawan	will be flooded
maaapektuhan	will be affected
maaapula	apples
maaari	can
maaaring	maybe
maaariʼy	maybe
maaarok	maaarok
maaasahan	reliable
maaasahang	reliable
maaatang	can be relied upon
maaatim	very dark
maaawa	pitiful
maaawat	avoidable
maaayos	fixable
maabala	to be disturbed
maabilidad	capable
maabot	REACHED
maabuluyan	may relieve those
maabutan	to overtake
maaca	MAACAH
Maacateo	Macateo
maacha	maacha
Maachateo	Beginnings
Maachatita	The 100th Anniversary
Maadai	Claims
Maadi	Material
Maadias	In Madia
maaga	early
maagang	early
maagap	prompt
maagaw	to be seized
maagnas	to decay
maagusan	designed to drain
maahitan	mahitan
Maai	Sharp
maakay	to be led
maakit	to be attracted
maakusahan	to be accused
maakyat	climb
Maala	Money
maalaala	remember
maalab	earnest
maalagaan	to be cared for
maalala	remember
maalalahanin	thoughtful
maalam	wise
maalaman	to know
maalamang	understood
maalamat	legendary
maalat	salty
maalinsangang	hot
maalipin	paintbrush
maalipusta	paintbrush
maalis	be removed
maaliw	to be entertained
maaliwalas	clear
maalon	wavy
maalong	wavy
maamo	gentle
maamong	gentle
maamoy	smell
maangkin	to claim
maani	morning
maaninag	transparent
maaning	harvested
maanod	drift
Maanong	How?
maantala	delayed
maapektuhan	be affected
maapi	oppressed
maapuhap	palpable
maaralan	to learn
Maarat	Maarat
Maarath	Maarath
Maare	Maare
maari	possible
maaring	maybe
maarok	deep
maaruga	memory
Maas	Maas
Maasa	The field
maasahan	reliable
Maasai	translations Maasai
Maaseias	Maasia
Maaseya	Masaya
Maasias	Asian
maasim	sour
maasin	salt
Maat	Mate
maawa	hours
maawain	merciful
maawaing	merciful
maawat	to be stopped
maayos	well
Maaz	Maz
Maazia	Maazi
Maazias	Maazias
mababa	low
mababaak	broken
mabababa	low
mabababâ	lowly
mabababang	low
mababagabag	troubled
mababagbag	will be broken
mababago	changeable
mababagsak	to collapse
mababagsik	fierce
mababahagi	shareable
mababahala	worried
mababait	kind
mababalewala	negligible
mababali	breakable
mababaligtad	reversible
mababalik	will be returned
mababalikwat	can be reversed
mababalisa	anxious
mababalita	newsworthy
mababalitaan	newsworthy
mababalitaang	newsworthy
mababaliw	going crazy
mababalo	can be beaten
mababalot	wrapped
mababalumbong	will be covered
mababang	low
mababanggit	mentionable
mababangis	wild
mababango	smelly
mababangong	fragrant
mababantayan	guarded
mababantog	famous
mababaog	barren
mababaon	deep
mababasa	readable
mababasag	breakable
mababata	bearable
mababatak	stretchable
mababatid	aware
mababatong	rocky
mababaw	shallow
mababawas	deductible
mababawasan	will be reduced
mababawi	recoverable
mababayaran	payable
mabadha	problems
mabagabag	troubled
mabagal	slow
mabago	be changed
mabagot	bored
mabagsakan	to fall
mabagsik	fierce
mabahala	to worry
mabahiran	stained
mabaho	stink
mabait	kind
mabalahibo	furry
mabalahibong	hairy
mabalam	delay
mabalatan	be able to provide with cover
mabali	break
mabalik	revert
mabalisa	to be anxious
mabalisang	anxious
mabalita	be informed
mabalitaan	to hear about
mabalitaang	rumored
mabalo	balls
mabalot	wrapped
mabanat	stretch
mabanayad	gently
mabanggit	to be mentioned
mabangis	fierce
mabango	posters
mabangong	fragrant
mabantayan	guard
mabao	goals
mabaon	deep-seated
mabasa	jobs
mabasag	to break
mabasbasan	be blessed
mabata	bearable
mabatid	to be aware
mabato	rocky
mabatong	rocky
mabautismuhan	be baptized
mabawasan	reduce
mabawi	recover
mabayara	money
mabayaran	to be paid
mabibigat	heavy
mabibigatan	heavy
mabibigay	can be given
mabibigkisan	girdled
mabibigla	be shocked
mabibigo	to fail
mabibigyan	can be given
mabibigyang	can be given
mabibihag	captious
mabibihisan	to be dressed
mabibiktima	victimized
mabibiktimang	victimized
mabibilad	to be exposed
mabibilang	countable
mabibili	can be bought
mabibiling	purchasable
mabibilis	fast
mabibingi	deaf
mabibingwit	to be hooked
mabibintog	chubby
mabibitag	to be trapped
mabibitin	to hang
mabibiyak	to split
mabibiyuda	widows
mabigat	heavy
mabigatan	burden
mabigatin	weigh down
mabigay	be given
mabighani	be fascinated
mabigkas	pronounceable
mabigo	fail
mabigong	fail
mabigti	to be hanged
mabigyan	be given
mabigyang	be given
mabihag	conquer
mabihisan	get dressed
mabiktima	RISK
mabilad	spread out
mabilang	countable
mabilanggo	jail
mabili	can be bought
mabilis	fast
mabilog	round
mabingit	slytherin
mabisa	effective
mabitawan	be released
mabitay	to be hanged
mabitin	hang
mabitiwan	to be released
mabiyak	split
mabiyuda	Jews
mabubo	spill
mabububo	will be spilled
mabubugso	gusty
mabubuhat	portable
mabubuhay	to live
mabubuhos	pourable
mabubuka	will open
mabubukas	open
mabubukid	farmers
mabubuklod	to be bound
mabubuksan	can be opened
mabubulag	will be blind
mabubulatlat	open-ended
mabubulid	to be thrown
mabubulok	rotting
mabubungang	fruitful
mabubunot	to be drawn
mabubuntis	pregnant
mabubunyag	will be revealed
mabubunyi	will be exalted
mabubuo	will be formed
mabubusog	full
mabubuti	good people
mabubuting	good
mabubuwal	will fall
mabubuyo	will be induced
mabugbog	be beaten
mabuhat	HILABOT
mabuhay	to live
mabuhok	hairy
mabuhos	to pour out
mabuka	opened
mabuklod	sealed
mabukod	separate
mabuksan	open
mabulabog	be confused
mabulag	SEPARATED
Mabulagta	fall down flat
mabulas	robust
mabulid	cast
mabulok	rot
mabunga	fruitful
mabungang	fruitful
mabungi	knocks
mabunot	be pulled out
mabuntis	get pregnant
Mabunyi	Famous
mabuo	to be formed
mabura	be erased
maburak	breaks down
maburol	hilly
mabusog	full
mabuti	good
mabutihin	improve
mabuting	good
mabutiʼt	good
mabuwal	to fall
mabuyo	tempt
mabuyong	be happy
Macaz	switch
Macbanai	Macbanai
Macbena	Macbena
Maccas	Maccas
Maceda	Maceda
Macedonia	Macedonia
Macedoniang	Macedoniang
Maceloth	Maceloth
Machateo	Machateo
Machbani	Machbani
Machi	March
Machias	Machias
Machiel	Machiel
Machir	Machir
Machirita	The letters
Machnadbai	Machnadbai
Machol	Machol
Machpela	Machpelah
Macnadebai	Macnadebai
Macpela	Macpela
Mactes	Mactes
madaan	pass by
madaana	city
madaanan	passable
madadaanan	passable
madadagdag	to be added
madadagdagan	will increase
madadagit	madadagit
madadahilan	fun
madadaig	overcome
madadakip	will be arrested
madadakot	to be caught
madadala	can be carried
madadalang	pregnant
madadalanginan	can be prayed for
madadalaw	fun
madadaldal	chatty
madadali	easy
madadaluhong	on thee
madadama	can be felt
madadamay	sensitive
madadapa	stumble
madadatnan	to be found
madadaya	be deceived
madadayang	fraudulent
madaganan	to be overwhelmed
madagdagan	increase
madahilan	madahilan
Madahon	Leafy
madahong	leafy
Madai	Claims
madaig	overcome
madaingin	morning
madakip	to be arrested
madala	low
madalang	rarely
madalas	often
madaldal	talkative
madali	easy
madalian	urgent
madaliang	urgently
madaliin	hurry up
madaling	easy
madalingmadali	easyeasy
madama	feel
madamay	to be involved
madamayin	the boss
madambang	dam
madamo	grass
madamot	dirty
madampi	madampi
madampian	to be sad
madapa	stumble
madapuan	to land
madaraanan	passable
madarama	can be felt
madarapa	madarapa
madaratnang	to be encountered
madatnan	to be found
madaya	deceitful
madayang	fraudulent
Madian	Midian
Madianita	Midianite
madidikdik	will be crushed
madidilat	madidilat
madidilig	watery
madidilim	dark
madidiliman	dark
madilat	open wide
madilaw	yellowish
madilig	watery
madilim	dark
madinig	hear
madla	audience
madlang	audience
Madmana	Madmana
Madmanna	Madmanna
Madmannah	Madmannah
Madmen	Madmen
Madmena	Madmena
Madon	Worm
madudukhang	poor
madudulas	slippery
madudulutan	can be eaten
madudumhan	this is dark
madudungisan	to be soiled
madudurog	will be crushed
maduduwag	cowardly
madukha	dukha
madulas	slippery
madulutan	Madurese
Madumhan	madam
madumi	dirty
madungawan	to see
madungisan	be soiled
maduraan	Madurese
madurog	to be crushed
madusta	from the worm
maduwag	cowardly
maeenkanto	maeenkanto
maenkanto	maenkanto
maestra	teacher
mag	to
magaahit	will shave
magaalab	city
magaalaga	take care
magaalis	city
magaaliw	city
magaan	light
magaanan	eased
magaang	light
magaani	reap
magaapat	four
magaapuhap	grope
magaaral	student
magaararo	plowman
magaari	can
magaasawa	married
magaayos	will be fine
magaayuno	will fast
magabayan	be guided
Magadan	Heir
magadya	preserve
magagalak	will be happy
magagalaw	movable
magagaling	good
magagalit	angry
magagalitin	irritable
magagaliting	angry
magagamit	available
magagamot	treatable
magagampanan	can be fulfilled
magaganap	will happen
magaganda	beautiful
magagandang	beautiful
magagapas	will be reaped
magagapi	invincible
magagapos	bound
magagara	stylish
magagarang	elegant
magagaspang	rough
magagastos	will cost
magagawa	doable
magagawang	able
magagayakan	to be decorated
magakalang	may think
magalaala	city
magalab	kindled
magalak	rejoice
magalang	respectful
magalaw	move
magaling	good
magalingin	to be good
magalinlangan	to hesitate
magalis	away
magalit	get angry
magaliw	feed
magama	to sleep
magamit	utilize
magamot	be treated
magampanan	to fulfill
maganap	to happen
maganda	beautiful
magandang	good
magani	remedy
Magantay	Wait
magantihan	to be retaliated against
maganyak	motivate
magapi	be defeated
magapos	bound
magara	health
magaral	learn
magarang	elegant
magarbo	pompous
magari	Perhaps
magaringganap	magaringganap
magasawa	get married
magaslaw	be bold
magaspang	rough
magawa	to be able to
magawâ	to do
magawan	to be able to
magawang	able to
magawitan	to sing
magaya	imitate
magayos	to arrange
magayuno	FAST
magbababa	will lower
magbababâ	lOWER
magbabadya	shall
magbabag	dispute
magbabago	will change
magbabagsak	cast
magbabahagi	will share
magbabala	warn
magbabalak	POET
Magbabalatkayo	will disguise
magbabalik	will return
magbabalikwas	would rise
magbabalita	reporter
magbabanggaan	collide
magbabangon	to rise
magbabangong	rise
magbabanta	threaten
magbabantay	watchman
magbabaon	bury
magbabasbas	to bless
magbabata	suffer
magbabautismo	baptize
magbabawa	reduce
magbabayad	pay
magbadya	drop
magbaga	glow
magbago	change
magbagong	to change
magbagsak	flunk
magbahagi	share
magbalabal	wrap
magbalak	plan
magbalat	peel
Magbalatkayo	Disguise
magbalik	return
magbalikloob	return
magbalita	announce
magbalot	wrap
magbaluktot	flex
magbangon	get up
magbangong	rise
magbanta	threaten
magbantay	watch
magbaon	dig in
magbasbas	bless
magbata	endure
magbatang	suffered
magbatian	greet
magbautismo	baptize
Magbawa	Lower
Magbawal	Prohibit
magbawang	to split
magbawas	reduce
magbawing	return
magbayad	pay
magbebenta	seller
magbebentahan	seller
magbelo	trust
magbenta	sell
magbibigay	will give
magbibigayan	to give
magbibigkis	will bind
magbibihis	to dress
magbibilihan	to buy
magbibilin	to order
magbibintang	accuse
magbibitiw	will resign
magbigay	give
magbigayan	to give to each other
magbigkis	bind
magbiglang	to be surprised
magbihis	get dressed
magbilang	count
magbili	sell
magbilin	leave a message
magbinata	young man
magbingi	go deaf
magbintang	accuse
Magbis	Magbis
magbitiw	resign
magbiyahe	travel
magbubo	spill
magbububo	shed
magbubuga	to spit
magbubuhat	CREATOR
magbubuhos	pourer
magbubuka	to open
magbubukang	to open
magbubukas	will open
magbubukid	farmer
magbubuko	will be born
magbubukod	will exclude
magbubulaan	false
magbubulay	think
magbubulid	leads
magbubunga	will bear fruit
magbubungkal	till
magbubunot	unsheathe
magbubuntis	pregnant woman
magbubunton	to gather
magbubuntong	will pile up
magbubunyi	rejoice
magbubusagsag	wilt
magbubuwal	will fall
magbugtong	put forth a riddle
magbuhat	DO
magbuhos	pour
magbuka	unfold
magbukang	open
magbukas	open
magbukid	workers
magbukod	exclude
magbulaan	lie
magbulag	depart
magbulay	think about
magbulid	hurl
magbulung	murmur
magbunga	bear fruit
magbungkal	cultivate
magbuntis	get pregnant
magbunton	pile up
magbuntong	pile up
magburda	embroider
magbuwal	blow off
magbuwis	to tax
magdaa	pass by
magdaan	pass by
magdadaan	will pass by
magdadagat	sailor
magdadagdag	add
magdadala	will bring
magdadalamhati	will grieve
magdadalang	will bring
magdadalawang	two
magdadamit	to dress
magdadanas	will suffer
magdadaup	will come
magdadaya	deceiver
magdadayaan	deceiver
magdagdag	add
magdagsaan	to overflow
magdahilan	make excuses
magdala	bring
magdalamhati	to grieve
magdalang	to carry
magdalantao	conceive
magdalawang	to double
Magdalena	Magdalena
magdamag	overnight
magdamagan	overnight
magdamayan	sympathize
magdamdam	to feel offended
magdamit	dress
magdanas	to suffer
magdaos	hold
magdaraan	passerby
magdaragat	sailor
magdaragdag	will add
magdarahop	poor
magdaramdam	will hurt
magdaramit	to dress
magdaranas	to suffer
magdaraos	will hold
magdarapit	to arrive
magdaraya	cheat
magdarayang	to cheat
magdaya	deceive
magdedemanda	will sue
magdedesisyon	decide
magdesisyon	DECISION
magdidigma	to wage war
magdidigmaan	to fight
magdidilim	to darken
magdidiwang	to celebrate
Magdiel	Magdiel
magdigmaan	to fight
magdilat	open
magdilidili	ruminate
magdilim	to darken
magdiriwang	will celebrate
magdisenyo	design
magdiskusyon	discuss
magdiwang	celebrate
magduda	doubt
magdudugtong	connect
magdudulot	will cause
Magdukal	dig
magdulot	cause
magdurugo	bleed
magdurusa	suffer
magdusa	suffer
maggagalaw	will move
maggagawad	award
maggalaw	moved
maggigiik	maggiik
maggiling	grind
maggugol	Employ
maggulong	roll
maghabilin	commend
maghabol	to chase
Maghagis	Throw
maghahabla	plaintiff
Maghahabol	Claimant
maghahagis	thrower
maghahain	will serve
maghahaka	will dig
maghahalal	elector
maghahalaman	gardener
maghahalihaliling	alternate
maghahalo	mix
maghahalukipkip	will fold their arms
maghahambog	boast
maghahanap	search
maghahanda	will prepare
maghahandog	will offer
maghahangad	will aspire
maghaharap	to confront
maghahari	reign
maghaharing	will reign
maghahasa	sharpener
maghahasik	sower
maghahati	will divide
maghahatid	will deliver
maghahating	will divide
maghahatinggabi	midnight
maghahatulan	judge
maghahayag	will reveal
maghain	to file
maghaing	sacrifice
maghalal	elect
maghalamanan	gardens
maghalughog	scour
maghambog	brag
maghanap	search
maghanapbuhay	make a living
maghanda	prepare
maghandang	prepare
maghandog	to offer
maghangad	aspire
maghapo	to touch
maghapon	all day
maghapong	all day
maghapunan	have dinner
magharap	present
maghari	reign
magharing	magaring
maghasik	sow
maghati	divide
maghatid	deliver
maghatinggabi	midnight
maghatulan	judging
maghawakan	interdepend
maghayag	reveal
maghiganti	take revenge
maghihiganti	avenger
maghihihiyaw	to shout
maghihimagsik	rebel
maghihinagpis	will grieve
maghihintay	wait
maghihirap	will suffer
maghihiwa	will cut
maghihiwalay	to separate
maghihiyawan	will scream
maghikahos	want
maghilamos	wash
maghimagsik	rebel
maghinagpis	groan
maghinalang	suspect
maghintay	wait
maghintayan	to wait for
maghirap	suffer
maghiwalay	separate
maghubad	undress
maghugas	wash
maghugis	incarnate
maghuhubad	Translator
maghuhugas	washer
maghuhukom	JUDGES
maghuhulog	will fall
Maghulma	Mold
Maghulog	Drop
magiba	to be destroyed
magibang	to separate
magibig	to love
magica	magical
magigiba	will be destroyed
magigiik	threshing
magigimbal	will be shocked
magiging	will be
magigipit	will be in trouble
magigising	will wake up
magigiting	brave
magiik	magic
magiikaanim	magic
magiikasangpu	about the tenth
magiimbot	will get
magiingat	be careful
magiinit	it will be hot
magiinum	will drink
magiipon	will accumulate
magiisa	magic
magiisang	alone
magiiwan	will be left behind
magilas	violent
magiliw	friendly
magimbal	magimbal
maginalon	toss
maginaw	chilly
maging	to be
magingat	be careful
maginhawa	convenient
maginhawahan	comfort
maginit	to get hot
maginoo	gentleman
magipit	tight
magisa	alone
magising	wake up
magisip	think
magistrado	magistrate
magiting	brave
magiwan	leave
magka	have
magkaaalit	fall
magkaabot	happen to meet
magkaakbay	shoulder to shoulder
magkaamag	mold
magkaanak	have children
magkaapo	have grandchildren
magkaasawa	get married
magkaawang	mercy
magkaaway	to be enemies
magkaayos	to settle down
magkababayan	fellow countrymen
magkabaha	divisions
magkabahabahagi	divided
magkabi	sides
magkabikabila	side
magkabikabilang	way and
magkabila	both ways
magkabilang	both sides
magkabisa	take effect
magkabukud	get together
magkadikit	stick together
magkadugo	blood relation
magkadugtong	connect
magkadungis	undefiled
magkagalit	get angry
magkaganoon	like that
magkagaya	same
magkagayo	then
magkagayon	then
magkagayoʼy	then
magkagulo	to be in trouble
magkahalintulad	Similarly
magkahalong	mixed
magkaharap	face to face
magkahati	equally
magkahiwalay	separate
magkahugis	shape
magkaiba	different
magkaibang	different
magkaibigan	friends
magkaila	disguise
magkaingay	make noise
magkaintindihan	understand each other
magkaisa	unite
magkaisip	think about
magkait	deny
magkakaabot	reach each other
magkakaanak	have children
magkakaapo	grandchildren
magkakaayos	will be fine
magkakabahabahagi	will be divided
magkakabahagi	share
magkakabali	will break
magkakabasag	will break
magkakabisa	will take effect
magkakabutas	will have holes
Magkakadaganan	Overlapping
Magkakadikit	Stick together
magkakadugo	blood relatives
magkakadukha	poor
magkakadurug	will be crushed
magkakaganyan	like that
magkakagayon	so be it
magkakagrupo	in groups
magkakagulo	there will be trouble
magkakagustong	like each other
magkakagutom	will be hungry
magkakahalo	mixed
magkakahalong	mixed
magkakahamog	will be moldy
magkakaharap	face to face
magkakaiba	different
magkakaibang	diverse
magkakaibigang	friendly
magkakaila	will deny
magkakailangan	will need
magkakailog	river
Magkakainan	Eat together
magkakaingay	there will be noise
magkakaintindihan	understand each other
magkakaisa	united
magkakaisang	united
magkakait	deny
magkakakabit	interconnected
magkakalabang	rival
magkakalakipan	together
magkakalat	will spread
magkakalebadura	leavening agent
magkakalipatlipat	will change
magkakalipi	fellow tribesman
magkakaloob	provide
magkakaluray	to be shattered
magkakamag	related
magkakamit	will achieve
magkakampi	allies
magkakampihan	allies
magkakampo	camp
magkakamukha	look alike
magkakandarapa	to stumble
magkakanulo	traitor
magkakanya	will be together
magkakapagitan	intervening
magkakapantay	equal
magkakapareho	similar
magkakaparehong	identical
magkakapatid	siblings
magkakapatong	overlap
magkakapisan	together
magkakapisang	to mate
magkakapuri	be proud of each other
magkakaputolputol	in pieces
magkakaroon	there will be
magkakasakit	get sick
magkakasala	will sin
magkakasalo	will share
magkakasalong	together
magkakasalot	plague
magkakasalungat	contradictory
magkakasama	together
magkakasamang	together
magkakasambahay	housemate
Magkakasanga	Branching
magkakasindaming	as many as possible
magkakasingkapal	thick and thick
magkakasinlaki	same size
magkakasintunog	will be in harmony
magkakasiping	have sex
magkakasira	will break
magkakasiya	will suffice
magkakasukat	to be the same size
magkakasundo	agree
magkakasunod	consecutively
magkakasya	fit
magkakatabi	side by side
magkakatabing	side by side
magkakatalikod	back to back
magkakatalikuran	back to back
magkakatapat	opposites
magkakatay	butcher
magkakatipon	gather together
magkakatiwala	trust each other
magkakatotoo	come true
magkakatugma	compatible
magkakatulad	similar
magkakatulungan	cooperate
magkakatungkulang	in the same position
magkakatuwa	will be happy
magkakaugat	will take root
magkakaugnay	interconnected
magkakausap	talk to each other
magkakawakas	will end
magkakawatak	will fall apart
magkakawatakwatak	will fall apart
magkakilala	meet each other
magkakitaan	make a profit
magkalaban	compete
magkalag	untie
magkalakip	jointly
magkalas	break up
magkalasang	Seasoned
magkalat	litter
magkalayo	far apart
magkaloob	provide
magkamag	interbreed
magkamali	make a mistake
magkamalig	to have a barn
magkamaling	make a mistake
magkamayaw	to be happy
magkamit	achieve
magkampo	camp
magkandakuba	to be a giant
magkandasuka	vomit
magkandili	to feed each other
magkandong	embrace
magkano	how much
magkapalad	prosper
magkapaltos	blister
magkapanahon	contemporary
magkapareho	identical
magkaparis	duplicate
magkapatid	siblings
magkapatong	overlap
magkapera	make money
magkapigsa	be strong
magkapitbahay	neighbor
magkaproblema	get into trouble
magkaroon	to have
magkaroong	to have
magkasabay	simultaneously
magkasakit	get sick
magkasala	to sin
magkasalaʼy	to sin
magkasalit	alternate
magkasalo	share
magkasalong	to be together
magkasama	together
magkasamang	together
magkasangang	branched
magkasaping	join
magkasing	to be like
magkasinghugis	identical
magkasinglaki	the same size
magkasintahan	lovers
magkasintunog	to be in harmony
magkasiya	be satisfied
magkasugat	injured
magkasugpong	join together
magkasundo	agree
magkasya	fit
magkatabi	side by side
magkataklob	cover each other
magkatalastasan	each other
magkatali	band
magkatalikod	to back
magkatao	become human
Magkataon	Coincidentally
magkataong	coincidentally
magkatapat	opposite
magkatawang	incarnate
magkatay	carve
magkatipon	gather
magkatiwala	trust each other
magkatotoo	come true
magkatulad	similar
Magkatulong	Help each other
magkatulungan	cooperate
magkatuwa	frolic
magkatuwaan	lark
magkatuwang	together
magkatuwiranan	together
magkausap	talk
magkautang	to be in debt
magkawasakwasak	to be destroyed
magkawatak	fall apart
Magkikimkim	Will shelter
magkikita	meet
magkikitang	meet
magkilos	moved
magkindat	let
magkita	meet
magkubli	take refuge
magkukubli	hide
magkukudlit	pinch
magkukulang	to be lacking
magkukunwaring	pretend
magkukuta	build a wall
magkulang	to be lacking
magkulong	to lock up
magkumpuni	repair
magkunwang	pretend
magkunwari	pretend
magkunwaring	pretend
magkupkop	harbor
magkusa	take the initiative
Magkuta	Build a wall
magkwento	tell a story
maglaan	provide
maglaba	do laundry
maglaban	fight
maglabas	take out
maglabasan	to go out
maglabi	to lick
maglagak	to put
maglagalag	to wander
maglagay	put
maglagda	sign
Maglaglag	DEVOURS
maglagos	pierce
maglaho	disappear
maglakad	walk
maglakas	grow strong
maglakbay	travel
Maglalaan	Will provide
maglalaba	washerwoman
maglalaban	fighter
maglalabas	will release
maglalabindalawang	twelve
maglalaga	will lay
maglalagablab	will flare up
maglalagak	put
maglalagay	will put
maglalagpak	will fall
maglalaho	will disappear
maglalahong	will disappear
maglalakad	walk
maglalakas	will grow stronger
maglalakbay	will travel
maglalaman	will contain
maglalantad	will expose
maglalaon	later
maglalapat	apply
maglalaro	will play
maglalasing	drunkard
maglalatag	will spread out
Maglalayag	Sailor
maglalayo	will go away
maglaman	contain
maglambong	shroud
maglaro	play
maglasing	get drunk
maglatag	lay down
maglayag	sail
magliban	delay
maglibang	have fun
maglibing	bury
magligaw	to seduce
magligtas	save
maglihi	conceive
maglihim	keep secret
maglikat	cease
magliko	wresteth
maglilibing	will bury
Maglilibot	Touring
magliligaw	seduce
magliligtas	will save
maglilihi	conceive
maglilihim	keep a secret
maglilihis	divert
maglilikat	to cease
magliliko	to turn around
maglililo	falsely
maglilingkod	to serve
maglilinis	will clean
magliliwanag	will shine
magliliyab	to burn
maglingid	dissemble
maglingkod	to serve
maglingkuran	in serving
maglinis	clean
maglitaw	obtrude
magliwanag	shine
magliyab	to burn
maglubag	appease
magluksa	to mourn
maglulubag	will settle
maglulubay	will leave
maglulugay	, shall
magluluksa	mourn
magluluksuhan	dance
maglululan	to carry
maglulumagak	will drown
maglulundagan	will jump
maglulungga	will be waiting
maglulupasay	will fall asleep
magluluto	cook
magluluwat	will delay
maglumagak	to grow
maglupasay	squat
maglusong	troubled
magluto	cook
magluwat	tarry
magmaawain	gracious
magmabilis	hurry up
magmadali	hurry up
magmadaling	hurry up
magmagandang	show
magmahabagin	have compassion
magmahal	to love
magmahalan	to love each other
magmakaawa	beg
magmakahiya	ashamed
magmakupad	slow
magmalabis	abuse
magmalaki	be proud
magmalasakit	to care
magmaliksi	let
magmamaawain	mercy
magmamadali	hurry up
magmamadaling	will hurry
magmamagandang	will be beautiful
magmamahal	to love
magmamakaawa	beggar
magmamakupad	delay
magmamalaki	exalt
magmamalaking	proudly
magmamalasakit	to care
magmamaliw	to relax
magmamana	inherit
magmamanhik	wander
magmamapuri	Shall
magmamasid	observer
magmamasunurin	obey
magmamataas	lift
Magmamatapang	Shall
magmamatigas	be stubborn
magmamay	to be happy
magmana	inherit
magmanman	to spy
magmapuri	boast
magmarunong	be wise
magmasama	ill
magmasid	observe
Magmasipag	diligent
magmataas	be proud
magmatigas	be stubborn
magmatiisin	magnetic​
magmatiyagain	continuing
Magmatyag	Be careful.
magmay	have fun
magmayabang	boast
Magmimistula	Pretend
magmimistulang	will seem
magministeryo	minister
magmukha	look like
magmukhang	look like
magmula	to come from
magmumula	will come from
magmumulta	will be fined
magmumuni	will meditate
magmunakala	to think
magmunimuni	Magmunimuni
magmura	swear
magnais	wish
magnakaw	steal
magnaknak	for you
magnana	magnana
magnanais	wish
magnanakaw	thief
magnanasa	magnanasa
magnasa	desire
magnegosyo	do business
magnenegosyo	businessman
magngalit	ENRAGED
magngangalit	gnash
magningas	ignite
Magningning	Shine
magniningas	magnificent
magniningning	shine
mago	dry
Magog	Magog
magoi	hide
Magor	Crazy
Magormissabib	Magormsabib
magpaahit	shaved
magpaahon	cause
magpaalala	remind
Magpaalalahanan	encouraging
magpaalam	say goodbye
magpaalipin	enslave
magpaaliping	enslave
magpaaliw	entertain
magpaamo	domesticate
magpaawat	to be forgiven
magpababa	lower
magpabalik	send back
magpabango	to perfume
magpabantay	secure
magpabautismo	be baptized
magpabaya	neglect
magpabigla	to rush
magpabihag	to be captured
magpabukal	bring to a boil
Magpabukas	postpone
magpadaan	pass by
magpadaig	OVERWHELMED
magpadala	send
magpadaya	Duped
magpadilim	overcast
magpagal	work hard
magpagaling	heal
magpagamot	get treatment
magpagapos	bound
magpagawa	to have it done
magpaginhawa	soothe
magpagod	tire
Magpagpag	Shake
magpagulong	roll
magpagupit	get a haircut
magpahaba	lengthen
magpahakot	take them
magpahalaga	appreciate
magpahamak	to destroy
magpahanap	search
magpahanggang	until
magpahayag	declare
magpahid	to smear
magpahilagpos	Shoot
magpahinga	rest
magpahingalay	relax
magpahingang	take a break
magpahinto	buttonhole
magpahiram	lend
magpahirap	torture
magpahiwatig	indicate
magpaidlip	take a nap
magpailalim	vest
magpainam	harp
magpainit	warm up
magpainom	give me a drink
magpairal	to exist
magpaiwan	leave behind
magpakababa	humble oneself
magpakabanal	become holy
magpakabingi	deaf
magpakabulag	to be blind
magpakabusog	be full
magpakabuti	be kind
magpakadunong	wise
Magpakagayak	adorn
magpakaginhawa	ease
magpakahawa	get infected
magpakahinahon	be calm
magpakahirap	to struggle
magpakailan	forever
magpakailankailan	forever and ever
magpakailanma	forever
magpakailanman	forever
magpakailanpaman	forever and ever
magpakain	feed
Magpakaingat	Be careful.
magpakakailan	forever
Magpakakalbo	Make
magpakalakas	be strong
magpakalalake	shew
magpakalalaki	to be a man
magpakalasing	get drunk
magpakalayaw	fling
magpakalayo	stay away
magpakalbo	to go bald
magpakaligaya	be happy
magpakaliko	to turn around
magpakalinis	clean
magpakalulong	indulge
magpakamangmang	foolish
magpakamatay	commit suicide
magpakamatuwid	be righteous
magpakapagod	get tired
magpakapantas	wise
magpakapon	get themselves
magpakarami	multiply
magpakarumal	to defile
magpakarumi	filthy
magpakasagana	abound
magpakasakdal	be perfect
magpakasal	get married
magpakasama	get along
magpakasamang	get along
magpakasawa	indulge
magpakasaya	have fun
Magpakasigasig	zealous
Magpakasigla	Cheer up
magpakasipag	Always
magpakasiya	be satisfied
magpakasta	to spend money
magpakataas	lifted
magpakataba	get fat
magpakatalino	be smart
magpakatanga	act foolishly
magpakatapang	be brave
magpakatatag	be strong
magpakatibay	be strong
magpakatino	be sensible
Magpakatiwala	Be confident.
magpakatuwid	be straight
magpakaunti	become smaller
magpakawala	let go
magpakayaman	get rich
magpakaylan	be lazy
magpakilala	introduce yourself
magpakita	show
magpako	nail
magpakuha	get a haircut
magpakulog	thunder
magpakumbaba	humble oneself
magpakumbabá	be humble
magpakunwari	pretend
magpakunwaring	pretend
magpala	bless
magpalaanakin	fruitful
magpalabas	release
magpalabunutan	draw lots
magpalago	grow
magpalakad	to walk
Magpalakas	Strengthen
magpalaki	enlarge
magpalakpakan	applaud
magpalalo	be arrogant
magpalaya	free
magpalayas	expel
magpaliban	put off
magpalibing	bury
magpaligaya	be happy
magpalimos	beg
magpalimot	forget
magpalinis	clean up
magpalipas	to spend
magpalipat	transfer
magpalipol	destroy
magpalista	register
magpalit	change
magpalitaw	to cause
magpaliwanag	explain
magpaliwanagan	reason together
magpaloko	fool
magpanata	vow
magpanibagong	rehabilitate
magpapaahit	shaver
magpapaalaala	will remind
magpapaalala	will remind
Magpapaalam	Saying goodbye
magpapaalipin	will enslave
magpapaanak	attendant
magpapaaninaw	will make
magpapaayos	will be repaired
magpapabalik	will return
magpapabautismo	baptized
magpapabaya	will neglect
magpapabitag	will trap
magpapabuti	will improve
magpapabuti 	will improve 
magpapabuwis	taxpayer
magpapadagsa	bring
magpapadala	will send
magpapadaya	will deceive
magpapadilim	darken
magpapagal	will work hard
magpapagala	will wander
magpapagalak	will make you happy
magpapagaling	will heal
magpapagawa	will do
Magpapagiik	Will be shaken.
magpapaginhawa	will relieve
magpapahaba	will lengthen
magpapahamak	to destroy
magpapahayag	to express oneself
magpapahid	to wipe
magpapahilagpos	will be released
magpapahina	will weaken
magpapahinga	to rest
magpapahintulot	will allow
magpapahiram	lend money
magpapahirap	will make it difficult
magpapahuli	will be late
magpapaidlip	take a nap
magpapairal	will exist
magpapaiwan	will leave behind
magpapakababa	will humble himself
magpapakabanal	will sanctify
magpapakabusog	satisfy
magpapakabuti	will improve
magpapakadakila	will exalt
magpapakadalisay	will purify
magpapakadumi	will defecate
magpapakagalak	will rejoice
magpapakahamak	will be humiliated
magpapakahawa	will spread
magpapakahayag	manifest
magpapakahirap	will make trouble
magpapakahubad	make thyself
magpapakain	will feed
magpapakakalbo	will go bald
magpapakalabis	will go to extremes
magpapakalakas	will strengthen
magpapakalaki	will grow
magpapakalango	get drunk
magpapakalbo	will go bald
magpapakaligaya	will make you happy
magpapakalinis	will clean up
magpapakaluwalhati	will glorify
magpapakamaawain	show mercy
magpapakamangmang	to act foolishly
magpapakamanunubo	will be humble
magpapakamatay	will commit suicide
magpapakapantas	will pretend
magpapakaputi	will whiten
magpapakarumi	will get dirty
magpapakasakdal	will perfect
magpapakasal	getting married
magpapakasala	will sin
magpapakasama	will make you miserable
magpapakasawa	indulge
magpapakasaya	will have fun
magpapakataan	will dare
magpapakataas	will rise
magpapakatalino	will become wise
magpapakatamad	will be lazy
magpapakatapang	will be brave
magpapakatatag	will strengthen
magpapakatibay	will strengthen
magpapakatuwid	will correct
magpapakawalang	will be released
magpapakilala	introduce yourself
magpapakilalang	introduce yourself
magpapakita	will show
magpapakuha	will get it
magpapakulo	will boil
magpapakundangan	shew
magpapakunwari	pretend
magpapakunwaring	will pretend
magpapala	will bless
magpapalabas	to release
magpapalabo	will blur
magpapalabunutan	draw lots
magpapalabuy	will be sold
magpapalagablab	will set
magpapalago	will grow
magpapalakas	strengthen
magpapalaki	will increase
magpapalakpakan	will applaud
magpapalalo	will be proud
magpapalasing	will get drunk
magpapalaya	will liberate
magpapalayas	will evict
magpapalayok	potter
magpapaliban	delay
magpapaligaya	will make you happy
magpapalikat	will quit
magpapalikoliko	will meander
magpapalimos	beggar
magpapalinlang	will deceive
magpapalipas	will pass
magpapalipat	will transfer
magpapalit	will change
magpapalitaw	will cause
magpapaliwanag	will explain
magpapalupaypay	will weaken
magpapalyok	potter
magpapamagat	will be titled
magpapamahiin	in it
magpapanata	vow
magpapangalan	will name
magpapangalat	will spread
magpapanggap	pretend
magpapanginoonan	will be a guest
magpapanibagong	will renew
magpapaningas	burn
magpapantas	to bewitch
magpapanting	to be painted
magpapanukala	proposer
magpapanumbalik	will restore
magpapaputi	will whiten
magpapaputol	will have it cut
magpaparaan	will be able to do
magpaparami	will multiply
magpaparangal	will honor
magpaparatang	accuser
magpaparating	will arrive
magpaparinig	will make you hear
magpaparoo	will go there
magpaparooʼt	will go there
magpaparumi	defile
magpaparusa	will punish
magpapasakdal	stablish
magpapasaklolo	will help
magpapasakop	will submit
magpapasalamat	to be grateful
magpapasama	will make worse
magpapasan	saddle
magpapasapit	bring
magpapasariwa	will refresh
magpapasaya	will make you happy
magpapasimula	will start
magpapasimulang	will start
magpapasiya	will decide
magpapaskua	will keep
magpapasok	let in
magpapastol	shepherd
magpapasuray	will stagger
magpapasuri	check up
magpapasuso	will breastfeed
magpapasya	will decide
magpapatagumpay	will succeed
magpapatakas	will escape
magpapatalastas	will advertise
magpapatangay	to be carried away
magpapatanyag	will make famous
magpapatatag	will stabilize
magpapatato	tattoo artist
magpapatawad	forgive
magpapatay	will kill
magpapatayan	will kill each other
magpapatayo	will be built
magpapatibay	will strengthen
magpapatigil	will stop
magpapatirapa	will prostrate
magpapatnubay	guide
magpapatotoo	will testify
magpapatuli	circumcision
magpapatulog	to put to sleep
magpapatuloy	will continue
magpapatunay	prove
magpapatunay 	prove 
magpapatunog	will sound
Magpapaturo	Will teach
magpapatutot	prostitute
magpapaulan	will make it rain
magpapauna	will go first
magpapaunlad	will develop
magpapaupa	hireling
magpapautang	loan shark
magpapawalang	will erase
magpapayaman	will make you rich
magpapayo	will advise
magpaputol	Magpapútol
Magparaan	beguile
magparami	multiply
magparangal	honor
magparoo	go there
magparooʼt	go there
magparumi	discolour
magparusa	punish
magpasaan	to pasture
magpasagana	be prosperous
magpasakdal	sue
magpasakop	SUBMISSION
magpasalamat	be grateful
magpasan	carry
magpasangguni	to consult
magpasapit	bring
magpasarap	make delicious
magpasasa	indulge
magpasawalang	to be idle
magpasensiya	pardon
Magpasensiyahan	Excuse me.
magpasikat	to shine
magpasimula	start
magpasimulang	start
magpasiya	decide
magpaskua	passover
magpasok	enter
magpastol	shepherd
magpasuko	subdue
magpasumpa	take an oath
magpasuray	to stumble
magpasuri	get tested
magpasya	decide
magpasyang	decide
magpatago	hide
Magpatahi	have clothing given to a tailor
magpatakbo	run
magpatala	enroll
magpatalastas	advertise
magpatanyag	popularize
magpatatak	to stamp
magpatawad	forgive
magpatawag	summon
magpatawaran	apologize
magpatay	slaughter
magpatayan	kill each other
magpatayo	to build
magpatid	kick
magpatihulog	to drop
magpatingin	to see
magpatirapa	prostrate
magpatisod	trip up
magpatong	superimpose
magpatotoo	testify
magpatuli	get circumcised
magpatulong	ask for help
magpatuloy	continue
magpatunay	prove
magpatung	to be in the middle
magpatunog	sound forth
magpatupad	implement
magpaturo	to be taught
magpaulan	make it rain
magpaumanhin	overlook
magpauna	forestall
magpautang	lend money
magpawala	to lose
magpawalang	to abolish
magpayaman	get rich
magpayo	advise
Magpias	Make a deal
magpigil	restrain
Magpilit	Insist
Magpipigil	Hold back
magpipipisan	will gather
magpipisa	hatch
magpipisan	gather together
magpipista	to feast
magpipito	seven
magpira	to eat
magpisan	converge
magpista	revelry
magplano	plan
magpoproklama	will proclaim
magpoprotekta	will protect
magpulong	meet
magpumiglas	struggle
magpumilit	persist
magpunla	sow
magpuno	fill
magpunta	go
magpupugad	nest
magpupugay	salute
magpupulong	will meet
magpupumiglas	will struggle
magpupumilit	will struggle
magpupuno	will rule
magpupunta	will go
magpupuri	praise
magpupuring	praise
magpupustahan	bettor
magpuputol	hewers
magpuputong	crown
magpupuyat	stay awake
magpuri	praise
magpuring	praise
magputol	prune
magpuyat	stay awake
magrebelde	rebel
magreklamo	complain
magrerebelde	rebel
magrereklamo	complain
magreretiro	retire
magsabi	say
magsabing	say
magsabon	soap
magsagawa	perform
magsagi	to go
magsagupa	to struggle
magsaka	to cultivate
magsakatuparan	perpetrate
Magsakay	ride
magsakbat	to seize
magsakdal	FILE
magsakitsakitan	to suffer
Magsalang	Sin
Magsaliksik	Research
magsalita	speak
magsalitang	speak
magsama	to include
magsamantala	take advantage
magsamasama	get together
magsanay	practice
magsandalyas	wear sandals
magsandata	arm oneself
magsanggalang	protect
magsanggunian	consult
magsara	close
magsasabay	will go together
magsasabi	will say
magsasabing	will say
magsasabit	to hang
magsasabog	scatter
magsasadya	to be merry
magsasagawa	will conduct
magsasagi	to share
Magsasagupaan	Will clash
magsasaka	farmer
magsasakang	farmer
magsasakdal	plaintiff
magsasaliksik	will research
magsasalita	to speak
magsasalo	share
magsasalong	to be covered
magsasalosalo	participant
magsasalu	will share
magsasama	will join
magsasamang	together
magsasampa	will file
magsasanay	will practice
magsasanga	will branch
magsasanggalang	will protect
magsasanib	merge
magsasapalaran	gambler
magsasara	will close
magsasauli	will return
magsasawa	get bored
magsasawalang	will write
magsasawang	get tired
magsasaya	will have fun
magsasayang	will waste
magsasayaw	will dance
magsasaysay	tell
magsauli	return
magsawa	get bored
magsawalang	to be empty
magsaya	have fun
magsayaw	dance
magsaysay	magsaysay
magselos	be jealous
magsensus	take a census
magsiabay	go hand in hand
magsiahon	go up
magsiahong	go up
magsialipusta	to insult
magsialis	leave
magsiangal	to howl
magsiani	harvest
magsiawit	sing
magsiayon	to be in harmony
magsibaba	get off
magsibagsak	fall down
magsibakay	secretly
magsibalik	return
magsibangon	Arise
magsibangong	arose
magsibati	salute
magsibili	buy
magsidaan	Pass
magsidaing	to complain
magsidalangin	pray
magsidalo	come
magsidaluhong	rush
magsidami	increased
magsidating	come
magsidinig	listen
magsigaling	healed
magsigamit	oversight
magsiganap	to take place
magsiganti	requite
magsigapas	reap
magsigawa	work
magsigawan	shout
magsigawang	to shine
magsigaya	shine
magsigayak	adorn
magsiginhawa	prosper
magsigising	awake
magsihagibis	furiously
magsihagulhol	to wail
Magsihalik	Kiss
magsihanap	search
Magsihanay	Prepare
magsihanda	prepare
magsiharap	present
magsihatol	to judge
magsihayo	go out
magsihibik	sob
magsihiga	lie down
magsihigit	to be more
magsihihip	blow
magsihina	weaken
magsihingi	ask for
magsihipo	touch
magsihirang	to appoint
magsihiwalay	separate
magsihiyaw	shout
magsihugong	buzz
magsihukom	judge
magsiibig	fall in love
magsiilag	abstain
magsiinom	have a drink
magsiiyak	cry
magsikain	eat
magsikaing	eat
Magsikalat	Spread
magsikap	work hard
magsikatha	invent
magsikilala	get to know each other
magsikitil	to tickle
magsiksikan	to crowd
magsikubli	hide
magsikuha	take
magsilaban	fight
magsilabas	go out
magsilaboy	respected
magsilagay	battle
magsilago	increasing
magsilakad	walk
magsilakas	be strong
magsilaki	`s
magsilang	give birth
magsilapit	come closer
magsilayag	departed
magsilayas	go away
magsilayo	move away
magsilbi	SERVES
magsilbing	to serve as
magsilibot	patrol
Magsiligtas	Rescue
magsiliko	to spin
magsilipad	let
magsilitaw	appear
magsiluhod	kneel
magsilukso	leap
magsilulan	to sleep
magsilunsad	got out
magsilusong	came down
magsimpan	save
magsimula	start
magsimulang	begin
magsindi	light up
Magsingkaw	yoke
magsinungaling	lie
magsipag	work hard
magsipagaral	to preach
magsipagasawa	get married
magsipagbalik	return
magsipagbangon	get up
Magsipagbantay	Be vigilant.
magsipagbaon	to go underground
magsipagbautismo	to baptize
magsipagbunga	bear fruit
magsipagdala	bring
magsipagdiwang	celebrate
magsipaghain	sacrifice
magsipaghanda	prepare
magsipaghintay	wait
magsipaghubad	undress
magsipaghubo	undress
magsipagingat	be careful
magsipaglasing	get drunk
magsipaglingkod	to serve
magsipaglinis	clean up
magsipagmasid	observe
magsipagmataas	be proud
magsipagmatigas	harden
magsipagnais	make a wish
magsipagnasa	to wish
magsipagningas	to light up
magsipagpasan	to bear burdens
magsipagpigil	hold back
magsipagpuri	boast
magsipagsabi	to say
Magsipagsakbat	Take up arms
magsipagsalita	speak
magsipagsama	come together
magsipagsayaw	dance
magsipagsaysay	tell a story
Magsipagsikap	Work hard
magsipagsisi	repent
magsipagsugo	send
Magsipagsuot	Get dressed
magsipagsuwail	rebel
magsipagtago	hide
magsipagtamo	to obtain
magsipagtanong	ask questions
Magsipagtuli	Get circumcised.
magsipagturo	teach
magsipagusisa	to inquire
magsipakinig	listen
magsipamahala	to manage
magsipamahay	to move in together
magsipamanhik	beg
magsipamunga	bear fruit
magsipamusong	blaspheme
magsipanagana	to abound
magsipanaghoy	lament
magsipanahan	to be in a hurry
magsipanakmal	to be greedy
magsipanalangin	pray
magsipanalanging	pray
magsipanambitan	to greet
magsipanangis	to cry
magsipanatili	to remain
magsipanatiling	stay
magsipangalakal	trade
magsipanganak	give birth
magsipangaral	preach
magsipangasiwa	supervise
magsipangasiwang	supervise
magsipanggilalas	to marvel
magsipanghiganti	take revenge
magsipanghula	predict
magsipangilabot	be terrified
magsipangilag	beware
magsipangilin	to smile
magsipanginig	tremble
magsipangubli	hide
magsipaniwala	believe
magsipanumbalik	restore
magsipanungayaw	swear
magsiparito	come here
magsiparitong	come
magsiparoon	go there
magsipasan	to carry
magsipasok	enter
magsipatay	kill
magsipihit	turn around
Magsipili	Choose
magsiping	to have sex
magsipuri	to praise
magsiputol	cut
magsira	queer
magsiraan	slander
magsirating	come
magsisagana	prosper
magsisagot	will answer
magsisakay	ride
magsisaklolo	to help
magsisaksi	witness
magsisalangsang	transgress
magsisama	come together
magsisamang	join together
magsisamba	worship
magsisampa	go up
magsisampalataya	believe
magsisapit	to arrive
magsisi	repent
magsisiabot	will reach out
magsisiahon	to go up
magsisialis	will leave
magsisiangal	to roar
magsisiani	harvest
magsisiasa	hope
magsisiawit	to sing
magsisibaba	will descend
magsisibabang	will descend
magsisibalik	will return
magsisibaling	will turn
magsisibalong	to calculate
magsisibangon	will rise
magsisibili	to buy
magsisibol	will sprout
magsisibulas	will bloom
magsisibutas	will make holes
magsisidaan	pass by
magsisidaang	will pass by
magsisidagok	will rush
magsisidaing	will complain
magsisidalangin	will pray
magsisidami	will increase
magsisidating	will arrive
magsisidikit	will stick together
magsisigalang	respect
magsisigaling	will recover
magsisigaw	shout
magsisigawa	will work
magsisigawan	shout
magsisigawang	will shout
magsisigiba	will destroy
magsisiginhawa	will be relieved
magsisigising	wake up
magsisigumon	addict
magsisihabol	will pursue
magsisihaka	will be waiting
magsisihan	regret
magsisihanap	will search
magsisihanay	will line up
magsisihantong	will lead
magsisihapay	will be shaken
magsisiharap	will appear
magsisihatol	judge
magsisihawak	will hold
magsisihiga	will lie down
magsisihihip	will blow
magsisihimod	will sneeze
magsisihingi	will ask
magsisihipo	will touch
magsisihiwalay	will separate
magsisihiyaw	will scream
magsisihugos	will flow
magsisihuli	will be late
magsisiibig	will fall in love
magsisiinom	will drink
magsisiiyak	will cry
magsisikain	will eat
magsisikaing	will work hard
magsisikap	make an effort
magsisiklab	will flare up
magsisikuha	will take
magsisilab	ignite
magsisilaban	will fight
magsisilabas	will come out
magsisilaboy	wanderer
magsisilabukaw	will be lit
magsisilagay	will put
magsisilago	will grow
magsisilakad	walking
magsisilang	give birth
magsisilapit	will approach
magsisilbi	will serve
magsisilbing	will serve
magsisilitaw	will appear
Magsisiluhod	Kneeling
magsisiluksong	will jump
magsisilusong	will descend
magsisiluwalhati	will glorify
magsisimula	will begin
magsisimulang	to begin
magsisindi	light up
magsisinungaling	will lie
magsisipag	will work hard
magsisipagalmas	will be happy
magsisipagani	will harvest
magsisipagayos	will arrange
magsisipagbaba	will descend
magsisipagbalik	will return
magsisipagbunton	will pile up
magsisipagdaan	will pass by
magsisipagdala	will carry
magsisipaghain	will sacrifice
magsisipaghari	will reign
magsisipaghimagsik	will rebel
magsisipaghintay	will wait
magsisipagingat	will be careful
magsisipaglagay	will be placed
magsisipaglingkod	will serve
magsisipagmana	will inherit
magsisipagsabi	will say
magsisipagsalita	will speak
magsisipagsisi	will repent
magsisipagtuloy	will continue
magsisipamalagi	will stay
magsisipamanhik	will beg
magsisipamuhay	will live
magsisipanaga	will be careful
magsisipanaghoy	will lament
magsisipanaginip	dream
magsisipanahan	to think about
magsisipanaig	will prevail
magsisipanakit	will hurt
magsisipananghaling	will think about lunch
magsisipanata	swear
magsisipanatili	will remain
magsisipangal	will be damaged
magsisipangalat	will spread
magsisipangaral	will preach
magsisipangasiwa	will supervise
magsisipangaso	will hunt
magsisipangatal	will tremble
magsisipanggaling	will recover
magsisipanghula	will prophesy
magsisipanghulang	will be a prophet
magsisipangilo	will be shaking
magsisipanginig	will tremble
magsisipangisda	fishing
magsisipanglupaypay	to think faintly
magsisipanira	will curse
magsisipaniwala	will believe
magsisipanuluyan	will stay overnight
magsisipanumbalik	will return
magsisiparito	will come
magsisiparitong	will come
magsisiparoo	will go
magsisiparoon	will go there
magsisiparoong	will come
magsisipasok	will enter
magsisipatay	will kill
magsisiping	have sex
magsisipisan	will gather
magsisipuri	will praise
magsisiputol	will cut
magsisisagot	will answer
magsisisagupa	will struggle
magsisisakay	will ride
magsisisaksi	witness
magsisisama	will join
magsisisamba	worshiper
magsisisambang	will worship
magsisisambit	will speak
magsisisampa	will go up
magsisisampalataya	will believe
magsisisamsam	will plunder
magsisisi	will repent
magsisisisunod	will follow
magsisisuko	will give up
magsisisulong	will advance
magsisisumpa	will swear
magsisisunod	will follow
magsisisutsot	will whistle
magsisitaghoy	will lament
magsisitahan	will live
magsisitahang	will live
magsisitahimik	will be silent
magsisitakas	will escape
magsisitakbo	will run
magsisitalikod	will turn away
magsisitalima	will obey
magsisitangan	will be present
magsisitanggap	will receive
magsisitangis	will cry
magsisitawa	will laugh
magsisitawag	will call
magsisitawid	will cross
magsisitayo	will build
magsisitayong	will stand
magsisitigil	will stop
magsisitindig	will stand up
magsisitingin	will look
magsisititig	will stare
magsisitiwala	will trust
magsisitubo	will grow
magsisitungga	will be watching
magsisitupad	will fulfill
magsisituya	will mock
magsisiupo	will sit down
magsisiupong	will sit down
magsisiusok	will smoke
magsisiuwi	will go home
magsisiyabong	will be excited
magsisiyaon	will leave
magsisiyaong	will leave
magsisiyapak	will step on
magsisiyasat	will investigate
magsisiyuko	bow down
magsisiyukod	bow
magsisuka	vomit
magsisuko	surrender
magsisumpa	swear
magsisunod	follow
magsitaas	rise
magsitabas	to cut
magsitaghoy	to lament
magsitahan	to live
magsitahang	to visit
magsitahimik	be quiet
magsitakas	escape
Magsitakbo	Run
magsitakbong	run
magsitalaga	to dedicate
magsitalikod	turn away
magsitalima	obey
magsitalon	jump
magsitanggap	receive
magsitanggi	refuse
magsitangis	to cry
magsitatag	establish
magsitawag	call
magsitawid	cross
magsitayo	stand up
magsitayong	stand up
magsitibay	strengthen
magsitigil	stop
magsitindig	stand up
magsitingin	take a look
magsitira	to spare
magsititig	stare
magsitiwala	trust
magsitubo	grow
magsitugtog	play music
magsituktok	knock
magsitulad	imitate
magsitulak	push
magsitulong	help
magsitungo	to deal with
magsitutol	object
magsiuna	go first
magsiunawa	understand
magsiupo	sit down
magsiurong	retreat
magsiusok	smoke
magsiuwi	go home
magsiuwian	go home
magsiyaman	rich
magsiyaon	go there
magsiyaong	go
magsiyapak	to step on
magsiyasat	investigate
magsiyukod	bow
magsugat	fetch
magsugo	dispatch
magsuhol	wages
magsuka	vomit
magsulong	promote
Magsumamo	Beg
magsumbong	report
magsumikap	work hard
magsunog	burn
magsuot	wear
magsusubo	will suck
magsusugo	send
magsusukli	changer
magsusulat	WRITER
magsusulsol	kindle
magsusumamo	cry
magsusumbong	accuser
magsusunog	arsonist
magsusunog 	arsonist 
magsusuot	wearer
magtaas	INCREASE
magtabi	set aside
magtag	power tag
magtagal	last
magtaggutom	to starve
magtaginaw	winter
magtaginit	to warm up
magtaglamig	winter
magtaglay	possess
magtago	hide
magtagpo	meet
magtagumpay	succeed
magtaka	wonder
magtakbuhan	run
magtakda	set
magtakip	cover
magtaksil	betray
magtakuwil	renounce
magtalaga	assign
magtalik	have sex
magtalumpati	to give a speech
magtamasa	enjoy
magtambak	dump
magtamo	gain
magtampisaw	paddle
Magtangan	Hold
magtangay	to carry away
magtanggal	delete
magtanggol	defend
magtanghalian	have lunch
magtangi	discriminate
magtangka	attempt
magtangkang	attempt
magtanim	plant
magtanong	ask
magtanyag	offer
magtapat	confess
magtapon	throw
magtapos	finish
Magtapyas	Cut
magtataas	will increase
magtatabi	will set aside
magtataboy	will drive away
magtatag	establish
magtatagaan	will be easy
magtatagal	it will take a while
magtataglay	will carry
magtatago	will hide
magtatagpo	meet
magtatagumpay	will succeed
magtataguyod	will support
magtataka	will be surprised
magtatakbuhan	will run
magtatakda	to set
magtatakip	will cover
magtataksil	traitor
magtatakuwil	will reject
magtatakwil	will reject
magtatalaga	assign
magtatali	will tie
magtatalu	winner
magtatamo	will achieve
magtatanan	to hide
magtatanda	will grow old
magtatanganan	will hold
magtatanggal	will delete
magtatanggol	will defend
magtatanghalian	will have lunch
magtatanghaling	will have lunch
magtatangi	will discriminate
magtatangka	will attempt
magtatangkang	will attempt
magtatangkilik	patron
magtatanim	planter
magtatanong	will ask questions
magtatanungan	will ask questions
magtatanyag	will reveal
magtatapat	will confess
magtatapos	will end
magtatatag	founder
Magtatatlumpung	Thirty-something
magtatawa	will laugh
magtatayo	will build
magtatayong	will build
magtatrabaho	will work
magtatraydor	betray
magtawa	laugh
magtawanan	laugh
magtayo	build
magtayuan	stand
magtibay	affirm
magtigil	stop
magtiis	endure
magtimpi	hold back
magtinda	sell
magtindig	stand up
magtinginan	look at each other
magtipon	gather
magtipong	Recollect
magtipun	gather
magtira	to stay
magtitigan	stare
magtitigil	will stop
magtitiis	endure
magtitikom	shut
magtitinapay	baker
magtitindig	will stand up
magtitinginan	to look at
magtitipon	will gather
magtitipun	gather
magtitira	to spare
magtitirik	to stop
magtitiwala	trust
magtiwala	trust
magtiyaga	persevere
magtrabaho	work
magtsitsismisan	gossip
magtulak	push
magtuloy	continue
magtulung	help each other
magtulungan	work together
magtumibay	to stand up
magtumpok	Gather
magtungo	go
magturo	teach
magtutubo	gain
magtutulak	will push
magtutumba	will fall
magtutuos	to calculate
magtuturo	teacher
magtuwid	straighten
magubat	wild
magugat	take root
magugol	spend
magugugol	will be spent
Maguguho	Collapse
magugulantang	will be shocked
magugulat	will be surprised
maguguló	chaotic
magúgulo	magúgulo
magugulong	chaotic
maguguluhan	confused
magugulungan	will be confused
magugunita	memorable
magugupitan	tough
magugustuhan	will like
magugutom	to be hungry
magulang	parent
maguli	maguli
magulo	messy
magulong	chaotic
magulumihanan	confuse
Magulung	Wheels
magulungan	to be overwhelmed
magumaga	slang
magumang	battering
magumon	the end
magunita	recall
magurong	spare
magusisa	inquire
magustuhan	to like
magutom	hunger
magutos	command
maguubas	magubas
maguubasan	plant a vineyard
maguugat	take root
maguukol	execute
maguumaga	was day
maguunat	maggots
maguunlad	asylum
maguurong	magurong
maguusisa	curious
maguusok	it will smoke
maguutos	command
magwagi	win
magwakas	end
magwalang	to lose
magwasak	destroy
magwawagi	winner
magwawakas	will end
magwawala	will disappear
magwawalang	will disappear
magwawasak	will destroy
magwika	speak
magwisik	splash
magwiwisik	sprinkle
magyabang	boast
magyapak	magpie
magyayabang	boast
Mahaath	Mahaath
mahaba	long
mahabag	compassionate
mahabagi	compassionate
mahabagin	compassionate
mahabaging	compassionate
mahabang	long
mahagisan	to throw
mahagkan	kissable
mahagupit	whippy
mahahaba	long
mahahabag	compassionate
mahahabang	long
mahahabol	catch up
mahahadlangan	hindered
mahahagis	to be thrown
mahahalaga	important
mahahalagahan	valuable
mahahalagang	important
mahahalata	noticeable
mahahalay	obscene
mahahalili	alternates
mahahanap	findable
mahahanda	ready
mahahandugan	can be offered
mahahandusay	will be able to lie down
mahahango	can be derived
mahahapdi	painful
mahahapis	sad
mahahapunan	dinner
mahahasikan	will be happy
mahahati	divisible
mahahating	divisible
mahahatulan	will be convicted
mahahawaan	infected
mahahawi	will be removed
mahahayag	will be revealed
mahal	expensive
Mahala	Free
Mahalab	Mahalab
mahalaga	important
mahalagang	important
mahalagaʼy	mahalaga'y
mahalal	to be elected
Mahalaleel	Mahalaleel
Mahalalel	Mahalalel
mahalat	palace
mahalata	noticeable
Mahalath	Mahalath
mahalay	obscene
Mahaleth	Mahaleth
Mahali	Location
mahalimuyak	fragrant
mahalin	to love
Mahalita	Love it
Mahalon	Mahlon
mahalubiluhan	entangled
mahampas	to be hit
Mahanaim	Mahanaim
mahanap	find
mahanda	to wait
mahandusay	collapse
Mahane	Mahana
Mahanedan	greatness
mahango	extract
mahapdi	painful
mahaplusan	to be touched
Maharai	Maharai
maharlika	noble
maharlikang	royal
maharot	boisterous
Mahat	Mahat
mahatak	stretch
Mahath	Mahath
mahati	wave
mahatulan	to be convicted
mahatulang	sentenced
Mahav	Mahav
Mahava	Mahava
Mahavita	Able to
mahawa	to become infected
mahawakan	touchable
mahawi	to disperse
mahayag	MANIFESTED
Mahaziot	Vineyard
Mahazioth	Mahazioth
Maher	Maher
mahiga	the moon
mahigaan	lies
mahigan	lieth
mahigang	lie
mahigit	more than
mahigitan	compass
mahigpit	strict
mahigpitan	tighten
mahihiga	lie down
mahihigang	lie down
mahihigitan	will be surpassed
mahihigpit	tough
mahihigtan	to be tied
mahihikayat	be encouraged
mahihilig	lovers
mahihiling	can be requested
mahihilo	dizzy
Mahihimbing	Deep sleep
mahihimlay	to lie down
mahihimok	greed
mahihina	weak
mahihinahon	gentle
mahihinang	weak
mahihintay	can wait
mahihinto	will stop
mahihipo	tangible
mahihiram	can borrow
mahihirap	poor
mahihirapan	will have difficulty
mahihirapang	will have difficulty
mahihita	will be seen
Mahihiwa	Mahihiwa
mahihiwagang	mysterious
mahihiwalay	to be separated
mahihiya	shy
mahihiyang	shy
mahika	magic
mahikayat	be encouraged
mahiko	plantation
mahila	mahila
mahilig	fond of
mahilo	dizzy
Mahimalang	Miraculous
mahimasmasan	to be careful
mahimatay	faint
mahimbing	deep sleep
mahina	month
mahinahon	calm
mahinahong	calmly
mahinang	weak
mahingi	ask for
mahinhin	modest
mahinhing	modest
mahinto	stop
mahipan	mahipan
mahipo	touchable
mahirap	difficult
mahirapan	to have difficulty
mahistrado	magistrate
mahiwaga	mysterious
mahiwagang	magical
mahiwalay	to be separated
mahiwalayan	to be separated
mahiya	shy
mahiyain	shy
Mahla	Juice
Mahlah	Mahla
Mahli	Mahli
Mahlon	Mahlon
Mahol	Location
Mahsai	Mahsai
mahubaran	to get naked
mahubog	shape
mahudyatan	mahudyatan
mahugasan	washed
mahugis	magic
mahuhukay	to be dug up
mahuhulaan	predictable
mahuhuli	will be late
mahuhulog	will fall
mahuhumaling	obsessed
mahuhusay	talented
mahuhutok	will be trained
mahukay	to be dug up
mahukayan	want to
mahulaan	predict
mahuli	to catch
mahuling	catch
mahulog	fall
mahulugan	to be understood
mahumaling	to be fascinated
mahungkag	empty
mahusay	good
maiaalay	available
maiaalis	removable
maiaangkop	adaptable
maiabot	reachable
maiahon	can be raised
maialay	to be offered
maialis	be removed
maiayos	to be fixed
maiba	different
maibaba	to be lowered
maibababâ	depreciable
maibabagsak	can be demolished
maibabalik	refundable
maibabayad	payable
maibagsak	to be overthrown
maibahagi	to be shared
maibalabal	to be covered
maibalik	to be restored
maibalita	be reported
maibangon	to be raised
maibayad	to be paid
maibenta	to be sold
maibibigay	can be given
maibibilang	countable
maibibilanggo	will be imprisoned
maibibintang	reprehensible
maibigan	like
maibigay	be given
maibigin	loving
maibiging	lovingly
maibilang	counted
maibili	can be bought
maibsan	relieve
maibubukas	can be opened
maibuhos	to be poured
maibuka	to be opened
maibukas	open
maibulid	Mayflowers
maibuwal	destroyed
maidadagdag	can be added
maidadahilan	excuseable
maidagdag	to be added
maidahilan	maidahilan
maidaong	maidaong
maidilat	open
maidudulot	can be caused
maidugtong	connect
maigagalaw	shake
maigaganti	maigaganti
maigagapos	maigagapos
maigagawad	bestow
maiganti	giant
maigapos	to be bound
maigawad	grant
maigi	gently
Maigigiba	Maigigiba
maiging	be good
maigsi	concise
maigsing	short
maiguguho	mayguho
maihagis	maihagis
maihahain	maihahain
maihahalintulad	comparable
maihahambing	comparable
Maihahanap	Searchable
Maihahanay	Alignable
Maihahanda	Ready to be prepared
maihahandog	can be offered
maihaharap	maihaharap
maihahasik	sowable
maihahatid	deliverable
maihahatol	maihahatol
maihahayag	revealable
maihain	to be served
maihakbang	step by step
maihanda	be prepared
maihandog	to be offered
maiharap	to be presented
maihatid	delivered
maihayag	to be revealed
maihihiwalay	separable
maihilagpos	may shoot
maihingi	maihingi
maihiwalay	to be separated
maihulog	dropper
maiibig	lovable
maiibsan	relieved
maiihaw	hairy
maiilap	wild
maiinam	good
maiingatan	to be preserved
maiingay	noisy
maiinggit	enviable
maiinggitin	enviable
maiinip	bored
maiinit	hot
maiinitan	to be heated
maiinom	main
maiintindihan	understandable
maiinuman	I mention
maiipon	to be saved
maiipong	to be collected
maiisip	conceivable
maiitim	dark
maiiwan	to be left behind
maiiwanan	to be left behind
maiiwang	to be left behind
maiiwasan	avoidable
maiiwasang	avoidable
maiiyakan	cryable
maikabit	attach
maikadena	my dear
maikakabit	attachable
maikakadlo	can be difficult
maikakaila	undeniable
maikakatuwiran	reasonable
maikalat	spread
maikargang	maikargang
maikasal	to get married
maikilos	be moved
maikli	short
maikling	short
maiksi	short
maiksing	short
maikukubli	concealable
maikukubling	hidden
maikukuha	maikuhuha
maikuwento	to tell a story
mailaan	to provide
mailabas	be released
mailadlad	mailadlad
mailagak	steps
mailagay	to be placed
mailalabas	to be released
mailalagay	can be placed
Mailalakas	Mailalakas
mailalapat	applicable
mailalatag	Hast
mailalayo	to be kept away
mailap	elusive
mailapat	to be applied
mailapit	to be brought closer
mailarawan	describe
mailawan	illuminate
mailayo	to be kept away
mailayô	distant
mailibing	buried
mailigaw	to be misled
mailigtas	to be saved
maililibing	maillibbing
maililigaw	misled
maililigtas	salvageable
maililihim	secret
mailipat	transferable
mailugmok	thrown
mailusong	to be able to descend
maim	maim
maimamatuwid	maimamatuwid
maimbak	to be stored
mainam	good
maingat	careful
maingatan	to be careful
maingatang	carefully
maingay	noisy
mainggit	envious
mainggitin	envious
mainip	boring
mainis	mentioned
mainit	hot
mainitan	warm
mainitang	hot
mainitin	warm
mainiting	maintaining
mainom	mainom
maintindihan	understand
mainuman	mainuman
maipaaaninaw	demanded
maipaalam	to be informed
maipaaninaw	make known
maipaayos	maipaayos
maipabatid	to be informed
maipadadala	maipadadala
maipadakip	to be arrested
maipadala	to be sent
maipadama	to be felt
maipagawa	to be made
maipagbibili	saleable
maipagbibiling	saleable
maipagbili	saleable
maipagbilin	to be instructed
maipaghanda	be prepared
maipaghiganti	avenged
maipaghihiganti	vengeful
maipagkakanulo	betrayable
maipagkakatiwala	trustworthy
maipagkanulo	to be betrayed
maipaglalakbay	travelable
maipaglihi	to conceive
maipaglilingkod	to be served
maipaglingkod	to be served
maipagluto	can be cooked
maipagmalaki	to be proud of
maipagmamalaki	proud
maipagmamalaking	proudly
maipagpahinga	to be rested
maipagpapaliban	can be postponed
maipagpapalit	interchangeable
maipagpapasuko	submissive
maipagpatayo	to be built
maipagpatuloy	to be continued
maipagtanggol	defensible
maipagtanong	questionable
maipagtatanggol	defensible
maipagtatapos	can be completed
maipagwawagi	winnable
maipahamak	maipahamak
maipahanap	to be found
maipahayag	to be expressed
maipakain	to be fed
maipakakain	edible
maipakikilala	introduceable
maipakikinig	listenable
maipakikita	showable
maipakilala	to be introduced
maipakilalang	recognizable
maipakita	to be shown
maipakitang	demonstrable
maipako	to be nailed
maipalibing	to be buried
maipalilibid	to be turned around
maipaliliwanag	explainable
maipalipol	destroyed
maipaliwanag	explainable
maipamahagi	to be distributed
maipamana	inheritable
maipamungkahi	provoke
maipanalangin	to be prayed for
maipanalo	to be won
maipanata	maipanata
maipanganak	to be born
maipanganganak	to be born
maipangangaral	maipangangaral
maipangaral	to be preached
maipanghiganti	vengeful
maipangilin	to be cherished
maipansalok	maipansalok
maipanumpa	swear
maipapahayag	can be expressed
maipapakita	demonstrable
maipapako	to be nailed
maipapaliwanag	explainable
maipapamana	inheritable
maipapangako	promising
maipapanganak	born
maipapangaral	can be preached
maipapantay	compare
maipapapatay	can be killed
maipapapuksa	might destroy
maipaparatang	to be charged
maipaparis	comparable
maipapasakop	subject to submission
maipapasok	can be admitted
maipapatay	to be killed
maipapautang	loanable
maipapayo	advisable
maipapupuksa	destroy
maiparatang	to be accused
maiparinig	maiparinig
maipasakop	to be submitted
maipasisiya	mycoses
maipasok	to be entered
maipatangay	to be placed
maipatapos	to be completed
maipatawad	be forgiven
maipatawag	to be summoned
maipatayo	to be erected
maipatong	laid
maipatupad	implementable
maipatutungkol	attributable
maipintas	to be criticized
maipipintas	can be criticized
maipit	maipit
mairereklamo	can be complained about
maisaayos	to be arranged
maisadsad	maisaadsad
maisagawa	to be carried out
maisagi	Maisagi
maisagot	answerable
maisakatuparan	to be accomplished
maisakbat	to be attacked
maisakdal	to be perfected
maisalaysay	narrate
maisama	be included
maisasadsad	to be stranded
maisasagawa	feasible
maisasagot	answerable
maisasagupa	can be encountered
maisasakatuparan	achievable
maisasakdal	perfect
maisasama	can be included
maisasara	can be closed
maisasauli	recoverable
maisasaysay	tellable
maisauli	returnable
maisawsaw	dipped
maisaysay	ineffable
maisilang	to be born
maisip	conceivable
maisipan	think about
maisisigaw	corn husk
maisubo	to be swallowed
maisugo	sent
maisulat	to be written
maisulong	be promoted
maisumbat	to be beaten
maisumbong	to be reported
maisuot	wearable
maisusulat	writable
maisusumbat	maisusumbat
maisusumbong	mayisusumbong
maisusuot	wearable
maitaas	to be raised
maitabi	to be set aside
maitaboy	to be repelled
maitago	to be hidden
maitala	be recorded
maitalaga	to be appointed
maitalagang	to be assigned
Maitali	Tied up
maitanim	to be planted
maitanyag	to be popular
maitataas	can be raised
maitatabi	maitatabi
maitataboy	to be driven away
maitatag	to be established
maitatago	can be hidden
maitatagong	maitatagong
maitatakwil	to be rejected
maitatalaga	my love
Maitatali	Maitatali
maitatanim	maitatanim
Maitatanong	Questionable
Maitatatag	To be established
maitatayo	buildable
maitatayong	can be built
maitawid	to cross
maitayo	to be built
maitayong	to be built
maitim	dark
maitinda	to be fed
maitindig	main point
maititingin	my love
maitulak	to be pushed
maitulong	be helped
maitumbas	compensate
maituon	to be focused
maituring	be considered
maituro	teachable
maitutol	be objected to
maitutubos	redeemable
maitutulad	comparable
maitutulong	helpful
maitutuloy	can be continued
maitutumbas	comparable
maituturing	considered
maituturo	teachable
maitutuwid	correctable
maituwid	to be corrected
maiukit	maiuki
maiukol	maiukol
maiwagayway	waveable
maiwan	to be left behind
maiwanan	to be left behind
maiwang	left behind
maiwasak	to be destroyed
maiwasan	avoid
maiwasang	avoid
maiwawasak	overthrow
maka	for
makaaabot	can reach
makaaakyat	can climb
makaaalam	will know
makaaasa	hopeful
makaabala	to interrupt
makaabante	forward
makaabot	reach
makaagap	to be able to accept
makaahon	get out
makaakyat	climb
makaalaala	alert
makaalam	to know
makaalis	get out
makaaliw	entertain
makaalpas	break free
makaalsa	to rise
makaamoy	to smell
makaangkin	to claim
makaanim	six times
makaapat	fourfold
makaaway	fight
makababa	get down
makabababa	can not go
makababaka	able
makababalik	can return
makababasa	able to read
makabagabag	agitate
makabahagi	share
makabalik	to return
makabaling	turn
makabalita	hear
makabalot	wrap
makabangon	get up
makabangong	sophisticated
makabasa	read
makabawi	recover
makabayad	pay
makabayan	patriotic
makabibilang	can count
makabibili	can buy
makabigat	weigh
makabigkas	utter
makabilang	to be included
makabili	buy
makabiling	stay
makabubusog	satisfy
makabubutas	boring
makabubuti	good
makabuluhan	significant
makabuluhang	significant
makabusog	satisfy
makadaan	pass by
makadadaan	pass
makadadala	bear
makadala	Can
makadalaw	to visit
makadama	to feel
makadampot	taken
makadarama	can feel
makadidinig	hear
makadios	pious
makagagawa	can do
makagalaw	to move
makaganap	to take place
makaganti	to take revenge
makagat	to be bitten
makagatas	deeply
makagawa	to produce
makagugol	spending
makagugunita	memorable
makagulapay	to be confused
makagunita	consider
makahabol	catch up
makahadlang	hinder
makahagpos	slip
makahahadlang	can prevent
makahahanay	expert
makahaharap	withstand
makahahatol	Can
makahahawak	could
makahakbang	to step
makahanap	find
makahapon	supper
makaharap	to face
makaharing	royal
makahatol	judgment
makahawa	infect
makahawak	to hold
makahihigit	superior
makahikayat	persuade
makahinga	breathe
makahipo	blindfolded
makahiwalay	to separate
makahoy	woody
makahuhula	foretell
makahukay	unearth
makahuli	catch up
makaibayo	twice
makaibigan	inclu sive
makaiibig	loving
makaiinom	drink
makaikot	to rotate
makailang	several times
makaimik	be silent
makain	eat
makain 	eat 
makainom	drink
makaintindi	understand
makaipon	accumulate
makaisang	once
makaitlo	three times
makaitlong	thrice
makaiwas	avoid
makaiyak	to cry
makakaagaw	can steal
makakaakit	attractive
Makakaakyat	Can climb
makakaalaala	memorable
makakaalala	will remember
makakaalam	to know
makakaalis	can leave
makakaamoy	smell
makakaangkin	can claim
makakaani	can harvest
makakaapekto	affect
makakaasa	can rely on
makakaatras	can retreat
makakaawit	can sing
makakababa	can go down
makakabahagi	can share
makakabali	breakable
makakabalik	can return
makakabalita	can hear
makakabangon	can get up
makakabawi	can recover
makakabayad	able to pay
makakabilang	can be included
makakabili	can buy
makakabitag	trap
makakabulag	be blinding
makakabuti	good
Makakabuting	It would be good
makakadaan	passable
makakadaig	would overcome
makakadalaw	can visit
makakadalo	can attend
makakadungis	can be dirty
makakagalaw	able to move
makakagamot	curable
makakaganti	can take revenge
makakagapi	can overwhelm
makakagawa	can do
makakagawang	can do
makakahadlang	will hinder
makakaharap	to face
makakahati	can share
makakahatol	can judge
makakahawa	contagious
makakahawak	can hold
makakahigit	can surpass
makakahipo	touchable
makakahukay	can dig
makakahula	to anticipate
makakahuli	can catch
makakaimpluwensya	will influence
makakain	to eat
makakaing	edible
makakainom	can drink
makakaintindi	will understand
makakaipon	can save
makakaisip	can think
makakaiwas	avoidable
makakakain	can eat
makakakawala	will be able to escape
makakakawit	can hook
makakakilala	meet
makakakilos	able to move
makakakita	will see
makakakuha	will get
makakalaban	can compete
makakalabas	can get out
makakalag	to get rid of
makakalagan	to be released
makakalakad	can walk
Makakalakal	Tradeable
makakalampas	will pass
makakalapit	can get close
makakalasa	tasty
makakalason	poisonous
makakalat	spread
makakalaya	free
makakalbo	to go bald
makakaligtas	survive
makakalikha	can create
makakalimot	forgetful
makakalimutan	forget
makakalugod	satisfies
makakalupig	one can
makakalusot	can get through
makakamit	achievable
makakampi	ally
makakamtan	achievable
makakanan	right-wing
makakanguyang	chewable
makakapag	can
makakapagbago	can change
makakapagbagsak	can fall
makakapagbawal	can prohibit
makakapagbigay	can provide
makakapagbuhat	can do
makakapagbuhos	can pour
makakapagbukas	can open
makakapagdala	can carry
makakapagdiwang	can celebrate
makakapagdulot	can produce
Makakapaghanda	Will be able to prepare
makakapagharap	can face
makakapaghiwalay	can separate
makakapaghusga	can judge
makakapaglagay	can put
makakapaglapit	can get closer
makakapagligtas	can save
makakapaglingkod	one can
makakapagmalaki	can grow
makakapagpabagsak	can bring down
makakapagpabuka	can open
makakapagpabusog	can satisfy
makakapagpagaling	can heal
makakapagpagalit	can be annoying
makakapagpahaba	can prolong
makakapagpahayag	can express
makakapagpahinga	can rest
makakapagpalaya	can liberate
makakapagpaliwanag	can explain
makakapagpaputi	can whiten
makakapagparumi	can pollute
makakapagpasaya	can make you happy
makakapagpasuso	can breastfeed
makakapagpatatag	is able
makakapagpatawad	can forgive
makakapagpatayo	can dry
makakapagpatibay	can strengthen
makakapagpatotoo	can testify
makakapagpatotoong	can prove
makakapagpatunay	can prove
makakapagpaunlad	can develop
makakapagpayo	can advise
makakapagpira	can break
makakapagpuri	praiseworthy
makakapagreklamo	can complain
makakapagsabi	can tell
makakapagsaka	can farm
makakapagsalita	can speak
makakapagsara	can close
makakapagtaboy	can repel
makakapagtago	can hide
makakapagtangkang	can try
makakapagtanim	can plant
makakapagtanong	Inquires
makakapagtaob	can overturn
makakapagtayo	can build
makakapagtimbang	can weigh
makakapagtrabaho	able to work
makakapagturo	can teach
makakapahamak	harmful
makakapakinig	hear
makakapal	thick
makakapamahala	able to manage
makakapamitas	can pick
makakapamuhay	able to make a living
makakapamunga	fruitful
makakapamuno	able to lead
makakapana	can shoot
makakapanahan	can shoot
makakapanaig	will prevail
makakapanakit	hurtful
makakapanakop	conqueror
makakapanganak	can give birth
makakapangaral	can preach
makakapangasiwa	can manage
makakapanggulo	troublesome
makakapangibang	canst
makakapaniktik	they may
makakapanirahan	habitable
makakapanirang	destructive
makakapantay	equal
makakaparoon	can go there
makakaparte	can share
makakapasok	can enter
makakapatay	deadly
makakapawi	soothing
makakapayag	agreeable
makakapigil	can stop
makakapiling	to be with
makakapinsala	harmful
makakapunta	can go
makakaraan	past
makakaramdam	will feel
makakaranas	to experience
makakarating	will arrive
makakarinig	can hear
makakasagabal	will interfere
makakasagot	can answer
Makakasagupa	Will clash
makakasakit	hurtful
makakasakop	can cover
makakasaksi	witness
makakasalakay	can attack
makakasalo	can share
makakasalubong	will meet
makakasalungat	can contradict
makakasama	to be with
makakasira	destructive
makakasiyasat	can investigate
makakasugpo	will be able
makakasukat	measurable
makakasumpong	will find
makakasundo	agreeable
makakasunod	can follow
makakatagal	can last
makakatagpo	meet
makakatakal	can be measured
makakatakas	escape
makakatalo	defeat
makakatanggap	will receive
makakatanggi	can refuse
makakatawag	can call
makakatawid	can cross
makakatayo	can stand
makakatiis	can endure
makakatikim	can taste
makakatindig	can stand up
makakatira	can live
makakatisod	stumble
makakatitig	can stare
makakatiyak	can be sure
makakatubos	redeemable
makakatudla	can teach
makakatugon	able to respond
makakatuklap	can be peeled off
makakatulad	similar
makakatulog	to sleep
makakatulong	will help
makakatulong 	will help 
makakatupok	can consume
makakatusok	piercing
makakatutol	can object
makakaubos	can be reduced
makakaunawa	understand
makakaupo	can sit
makakausap	to talk to
makakauwi	can go home
makakawala	can escape
makakaya	able
makakayanan	to be able to cope
makakayanang	able to cope
makakayang	able
makakibo	mobile
makakilala	to meet
makakilos	be able to move
makakita	SEE
makakitang	see
makakubli	can cover
makakuha	get
makakuhang	get
Makakukuha	Can get
makakukulog	thunderous
makalabag	to violate
makalaban	to fight
makalabas	get out
makalag	untied
makalahok	participate
makalakad	to walk
makalakip	he who
makalalaban	fight
makalalabas	to get out
makalalakad	can walk
makalalapit	can get close
makalalayo	can go far
makalaman	sensual
makalampas	to get through
makalangit	heavenly
makalangoy	can swim
makalapag	to land
makalapit	get close
makalasap	makalasap
makalawa	twice
makalawang	twice
makalawkaw	stirring
makalaya	to be free
makalayo	get away
makalbo	bald
makalibo	times
makaligid	can roll
makaligtas	survive
makalikha	to create
makaliligtas	survive
makaliliko	turn
makalilimot	forgetful
makalima	fivefold
makalimang	to deviate
makalimot	FORGETTING
makalimotan	forgetful
makalimutan	forget
makalipad	fly
makalipas	after
makalulugod	pleasing
makalunsad	landed
makalupa	earthly
makalupang	earthly
makalura	spit
makalusob	to invade
makalusong	down
makalusot	infiltrate
makaluwalhati	glorify
makamalas	perceived
makamalig	gather
makamamatay	deadly
makamandag	poisonous
makamatay	LETHAL
makamit	achieve
makamtan	achieve
makamundo	worldly
makamundong	worldly
makaniig	noisy
makapag	able
makapagaalis	taketh
makapagaaliw	comfort
makapagaasawa	becomes
makapagaayos	that could
makapagahit	shaved
makapagalaga	may nurse
makapagalis	away
makapagasawa	married
makapagayuno	fasted
makapagayunong	fasted
makapagbabadya	utter
Makapagbabago	Can change
makapagbabata	endure
makapagbagong	to change
makapagbalangkas	to outline
makapagbalik	the blessing
makapagbalita	to report
makapagbantay	watch
makapagbatang	suffered
makapagbayad	be able to pay
makapagbenta	be able to sell
makapagbibigay	can give
makapagbigay	to give
makapagbihis	to get dressed
makapagbili	sell
makapagbilin	commanding
makapagbubukas	can open
makapagbukas	to open
makapagbulay	to meditate
makapagbunga	fruitful
makapagbuwis	be able to pay taxes
makapagdaan	could pass
makapagdadala	can carry
makapagdadaras	hewing
makapagdagdag	can add
makapagdala	be able to carry
makapagdaos	conduct
makapagdaragdag	can add
makapagdesisyon	to decide
makapagdiwang	away that
makapagdudugtongdugtong	connect
makapagdudulot	can cause
makapaggaganap	can take place
makapaggugol	stayed
makapaghabol	claim
makapaghahabla	can sue
Makapaghahanda	Can prepare
makapaghahandog	whereby
makapaghaharap	offer a
makapaghahari	reign
makapaghahasik	able to loose
makapaghain	to serve
makapaghanda	to prepare
makapaghandog	had
makapaghari	reign
makapaghatol	judge
makapaghiganti	to take revenge
makapaghihiganti	revenge
makapaghihiwalay	divisive
makapaghinagpis	to grieve
makapaghintay	to wait
makapaghirap	proofs
makapaghugas	can wash
makapagiging	defiled
makapagiingat	able
makapagingat	keep
makapagisip	to think
makapagkakaila	deny
makapagkakatiwala	have reasons
makapagkamakama	platting
makapagkukubli	Can
makapaglabas	to get out
makapaglagay	to be able to put
makapaglakad	to be able to walk
makapaglakbay	to travel
makapaglalabas	which may
makapaglalagay	Can
makapaglalapit	can make
makapaglayag	to sail
makapagligtas	to save
makapagliligaw	doth
makapagliligtas	can save
makapaglilingkod	able to serve
makapaglilinis	cleanse
makapaglilitaw	can open
makapaglingkod	to be able to serve
makapaglinis	to clean
makapagluksa	mourn
makapagmamalakas	to be strong
makapagmamalaki	Shall
makapagmamana	INHERITED
makapagmamataas	be proud
makapagmamatigas	Can
makapagmapuri	boast
makapagnakaw	to steal
makapagnanasa	to desire
makapagnegosyo	to do business
makapagnilay	to meditate
makapagpaahit	to shave
makapagpaalam	to say goodbye
makapagpaamo	get tamed
makapagpaaninaw	able
makapagpabalik	proselyting
makapagpabuwal	stumble
makapagpadala	be able to send
makapagpadikit	to stick together
makapagpadilat	open
makapagpadunong	able
makapagpagaan	to relieve
makapagpagaling	to heal
makapagpahayag	to express
makapagpahinga	to relax
makapagpahingang	rest
makapagpainit	warm
makapagpalakas	invigorate
makapagpalayas	expel
makapagpalitaw	trigger
makapagpaliwanag	be able to explain
makapagpalugod	please
makapagpanayam	communed
makapagpapaalaala	remind
makapagpapaaliw	comforting
makapagpapaambon	can make it rain
makapagpapaaninaw	shew
makapagpapabaga	can soften
makapagpapabalik	restore
makapagpapabangon	is able
makapagpapadala	send
makapagpapadalamhati	can make you sad
makapagpapagaan	soothes
makapagpapagaling	can heal
makapagpapaganda	can beautify
makapagpapahamak	hurt
makapagpapahawa	defile
makapagpapahayag	be able to express
makapagpapahilagpos	can be relaxed
makapagpapahinga	rest
makapagpapahiram	lend
makapagpapainit	can warm
makapagpapakilala	shew
makapagpapakinabang	profit
makapagpapakita	to show
makapagpapalakas	strengthening
makapagpapalaya	deliver
makapagpapaligaya	can make you happy
makapagpapalinis	purifying
makapagpapaliwanag	explain
makapagpapalugod	delight
makapagpapanalo	can win
makapagpapanginig	itself
makapagpapapawis	can make you sweat
makapagpapaputi	whiten
makapagpaparatang	can accuse
makapagpaparumi	unclean
makapagpapasalamat	thankful
makapagpapasama	that could
makapagpapasaya	can make you happy
makapagpapasok	bring
makapagpapasya	be able to decide
makapagpapatalo	can be defeated
makapagpapatawad	forgive
makapagpapatibay	encouraging
makapagpapatisod	offend
makapagpapatotoo	testify
makapagpapatunay	be able to prove
makapagpapaulan	can cause
makapagpapautang	can generate
makapagpapawalang	maketh
makapagpapayo	could turn
makapagparami	multiply
makapagparoo	to go
makapagpasalamat	to be grateful
makapagpasugo	send
makapagpasundo	send
makapagpasuso	breastfeed
makapagpasya	to decide
makapagpatayo	to dry
makapagpatisod	cause
makapagpatotoo	to testify
makapagpatuloy	to continue
makapagpigil	be able to control oneself
makapagpupuri	to praise
makapagpuri	to praise
makapagpuyat	watch
makapagsabi	be able to say
makapagsalita	to speak
makapagsalitang	speak
makapagsanga	bring forth
makapagsanggunian	consult
makapagsarilinan	be independent
makapagsasabi	able to say
makapagsasabing	can say
makapagsasakbat	were able
makapagsasalaysay	can tell
makapagsasalita	able to speak
makapagsasalitang	eloquent
makapagsasara	can close
Makapagsasaya	Fun
makapagsasaysay	can tell
makapagsaya	rejoice
makapagsisi	to repent
makapagsisigaw	to shout
makapagsisinungaling	can lie
makapagsisisigaw	can scream
makapagsunog	burn
Makapagsusugo	Can send
makapagtago	to hide
makapagtagumpay	overcome
makapagtakip	an end
makapagtanim	to plant
makapagtanong	to ask questions
makapagtataboy	can repel
makapagtataglay	hasten
makapagtatago	hide
makapagtatanggol	can protect
makapagtatayo	can build
makapagtayo	to build
makapagtiis	be able to endure
makapagtipanan	had made
makapagtitiis	endureth
makapagtrabaho	to work
makapagturo	be able to teach
makapagtuturo	can teach
makapagtutuwid	can correct
makapagusisa	inquire
makapagwawasak	to destroy
makapagyabang	to boast
makapagyayabang	boast
makapahinga	to rest
makapakinig	able to listen
makapakita	show
makapakitang	be seen
makapakiusap	to beg
makapal	thick
makapaliligo	wash
makapamahagi	impart
makapamahala	authority
makapamamahala	will he
makapamamanhik	appeal
makapamuhay	to make a living
makapamulot	can pick
makapamumugad	can be used to create
makapanagana	abound
makapanaig	prevail
makapanakit	hurtful
makapanalangin	Can
makapanalanging	prayed
makapanalita	speaking
makapanamit	to dress up
makapananaig	prevail
makapananampalataya	believe
makapanananatili	can not stand
makapanangan	hold
makapanatili	to stay
makapandaraya	deceptive
makapandaya	deceive
makapang	powerful
makapangahas	Dare
makapanganak	to give birth
makapangangatuwiran	might
makapangaral	to preach
makapangasiwa	minister
makapanghihikayat	encouraging
makapanghuhula	divination
makapanghuhulang	prophesy
makapanghula	prophetic
makapangilabot	terrify
makapangingilabot	bitter
makapangungusap	speak
makapangusap	speak
makapangyariha	powerful
makapangyarihan	powerful
makapangyarihang	powerful
makapanhik	makapanhUc
makapanirahan	Staying
makapanirahang	habitable
makapaniwala	believable
makapaniwalang	believable
makapansin	notice
makapantay	equal
makapanumbalik	recover
makapanunuluyan	abide
makapapansin	noticeable
makapapasok	can enter
makapapatay	deadly
makapapayapa	peace
makaparis	or shall
makaparito	to come
makaparoon	go
makaparoroon	cometh
makapasok	to enter
makapatay	Deadly
makapigil	to stop
makapihit	to twist
makapili	CHOICE
makapiling	to be with
makapinsala	harm
makapipigil	can prevent
makapipinsala	harmful
makapisan	freely
makapit	cling
makapito	sevenfold
makapitong	seven times
makapitongpung	times
makapunta	to go
makapupo	gather
makapupong	far
makapupuksa	able
makapupung	manifold
makaputol	interrupted
makaraan	after
makaraang	after
makaramay	makaramay
makaramdam	to feel
makaranas	experience
makararaan	danger
makararating	will arrive
makarating	arrive
makarinig	hear
makaririnig	audible
makasagot	answer
makasagwan	rowing
makasakay	get on board
makasakit	hurt
makasaklolo	helpful
makasal	get married
makasalana	sinful
makasalanan	sinner
makasalanang	sinful
makasalo	to share
makasalubong	meet
makasalungat	contradictory
makasama	to be with
makasamang	to be with
makasamba	to worship
makasampa	to file
makasandaang	hundredth
makasandal	lean
makasanggu	can be used
makasangguni	can consult
makasangpu	ten
makasangpung	ten times
makasanib	grafted
makasanlibutan	worldly
makasarili	selfish
makasariling	selfish
makasasagot	answerable
makasasaklolo	able
makasasalubong	converging
makasasama	harmful
makasasampa	can climb
makasasansala	disruptive
makasasawata	restrained
makasingit	insert
makasiping	, when
makasisiguro	can be sure
makasisikip	can be crowded
makasisira	destructive
makasisiyasat	makasisiyasat
makasubo	Sadly
makasulong	advance
makasumpong	to encounter
makasundo	agree
makasunod	COMPLY
makasupil	tame
makasuso	breastfeed
makasusumbat	convicts
makasusumpong	will find
makasusunod	follow-up
makasuway	trespass
makat	LEARN
makata	poet
makataas	precede
makatagal	last
makatagpo	to meet
makatahan	dwell
makatahang	dwell
makatahol	barking
makatakas	escape
makatakbo	to run
makatalik	sexual intercourse
makatalikod	backs
makatalos	understand
makatanan	slip
makatanggap	receive
makatanggi	to refuse
makatapos	to finish
makatarok	to penetrate
makatarungan	fair
makatarungang	fair
Makatataas	Can
makatatagal	durable
makatatahan	escape
makatatakas	escape
makatatanan	can save
makatatanang	escape
makatatanggap	can receive
makatatawid	can cross
makatatayo	can stand
makatatayong	stand
makatawad	to be able to represent
makatawag	to call
makatawid	cross
makatayo	to stand
makatayong	stand
makati	makati
makatiis	endure
makatikim	taste
makatindig	stand up
makatingala	amazing
makatingin	to see
makatipid	save
makatira	to live
makatitig	stare
makatitigil	can stop
makatitikim	to taste
makatitindig	stand
makatitingin	can see
makatitiwali	kittens
makatiyak	be sure
makatubos	redeemable
makatulad	resemble
makatulog	to sleep
makatulong	help
makatuloy	to continue
makatutubos	redeeming
makatutugtog	can play
makatutulong	helpful
Makatutungtong	Educational
makatutuyo	can dry out
makatuwaan	màkatuwaàn
makatuwid	correct
makatuwiran	reasonable
makatuwirang	reasonable
makaunat	macaunet
makaunawa	understand
makaupo	sit down
makaurong	withdrawn
makausad	progress
makausap	to talk to
makauukit	engrave
makauupo	seats
makauwi	get home
makawala	get away
makaya	cope
makayanan	cope
makayanang	able-bodied
makayang	able to cope
makayaon	gone
makayas	scraped
makayayamot	hated
makayayaon	and go
Makaz	Makaz
Makeda	Makeda
Makeda 	Makeda 
Makelot	Makelot
makialam	intervene
makiambag	contribute
makiapid	commit adultery
makiayon	to conform
makibahagi	participate
makibaka	struggle
makibilang	Be involved
makidamay	mourn
makidigma	go to war
makigalak	rejoice
makihalo	mingle
makihalubilo	socialize
makiharap	face to face
makihati	share
makiinom	have a drink
makiisa	unite
makiiyak	cry
makikialam	interfere
makikiapid	commit adultery
makikibahagi	will participate
makikidalamhati	will mourn
makikidamdam	will feel
Makikidigma	Warriors
makikigalak	will rejoice
makikihalo	will mix
makikihati	will share
makikiinom	will drink
makikiisa	unite
makikikain	will eat
makikikamay	will shake hands
makikilala	recognizable
makikilalang	recognizable
makikilos	move
makikimana	will inherit
makikinabang	will benefit
makikinang	brilliant
makikinig	will listen
makikinis	smooth
makikintab	shiny
makikipag	to meet
makikipagbaka	will fight
makikipagbati	to greet
makikipagbatian	to greet
makikipagdigma	to go to war
makikipagkaalit	will quarrel
makikipagkaibigan	make friends
makikipagkainan	to have dinner
makikipagkasundo	to negotiate
makikipagkatuwiranan	to reason
makikipagkayari	will get along
makikipagkita	will meet
makikipaglaban	will fight
Makikipaglaro	Will play together
makikipaglibing	to be buried
makikipagmatuwiranan	to reason
makikipagpaligsahan	will compete
makikipagpayapaan	to make peace
makikipagpunyagi	will struggle
makikipagsalitaan	to talk
makikipagsalubong	will meet
makikipagsapalaran	to take risks
makikipagsigawan	to shout at each other
makikipagtagpo	will meet
makikipagtalik	to have sex
makikipagtalo	to argue
makikipagtanggol	will defend
makikipagtipan	to make an appointment
makikipagunahan	will compete
makikipagusap	to talk
makikipamayan	will become citizens
makikipamayang	peacemakers
makikipanayam	interview
makikipisan	to gather together
makikipot	narrow
Makikiraan	I can count on it.
makikiramay	sympathize
makikisalamuha	socialize
makikisalo	will participate
makikisama	will be friends
makikisayaw	will dance
makikisig	handsome
makikita	visible
makikitang	visible
makikitawa	can be seen
makikitil	to be killed
Makikitira	Will live
makikiusap	to beg
makilaban	fighting
makilahok	participate
makilakip	join
makilala	to recognize
makilalang	recognizable
makilos	move
makina	machine
makinabang	benefit
makinang	brilliant
makinig	listen
makinis	smooth
makintab	shiny
makipag	to talk
makipagbaka	to fight
makipagbati	greet
makipagdebate	debate
makipagdigma	to wage war
makipagdiskusyon	discuss
makipagdiwang	celebrate
makipaghiwalay	break up
makipaghusay	to improve
makipagindayunan	to swing around
makipaginuman	have a drink
makipagkaalit	quarrel
makipagkaibigan	make friends
makipagkainan	to have dinner
makipagkaisa	unite
makipagkalakal	trade
makipagkasundo	to make peace
Makipagkatuwa	Have fun
Makipagkilala	Get to know each other
makipagkita	meet
makipaglaban	fight
makipaglabang	fight
makipaglibing	to bury
makipagmatuwiranan	to reason
makipagpayapaan	make peace
makipagpulong	meet
makipagpuyat	stay up late
makipagsabwatan	to conspire
makipagsalitaan	to talk
makipagsaya	have fun
makipagsikap	make an effort
makipagtagisan	compete
makipagtalik	have sex
makipagtalo	argue
makipagtiis	be patient
makipagtipan	make an appointment
makipagusap	to talk
makipagusapin	to talk to
makipamahay	live together
makipamahinga	relax
makipamatok	yoke together
makipamayan	become a citizen
makipamayang	peacemaker
makipisan	be together
makipot	narrow
Makir	Machir
makiraan	smart
makiramay	sympathize
makirot	painful
makisabay	keep up with
makisalamuha	socialize
makisalo	share
makisama	get along
makisamang	get along
makisanib	merge
makisaya	have fun
makisig	handsome
makisuno	makisuno
makita	see
makitaan	to see
makitang	to see
makitangis	to cry
makitid	narrow
makitulad	resemble
makituloy	move in together
makitungo	deal
makiusap	beg
makokolekta	collectable
makokontento	mako content
makontento	content
makuba	disaster
makubkob	encircle
makubli	to be blind
makuha	AVAILABLE
makuhanan	to be captured
makuhang	obtain
makukubkob	besieged
makukubli	to hide
makukuha	available
makukuhang	obtainable
makukulangan	will be lacking
makukunan	to be found
makukuntento	be content
makukupad	fast
makukuro	makukuro
makulay	colorful
makulayan	to be colored
makulimlim	shady
makumbinsi	convince
makumpleto	complete
makunan	to miscarry
makunat	tense
makupad	lazy
Mal	Just
mala	had
malabanan	resist
malabay	leafy
malabhan	washable
malabi	malabi
malabis	excessively
malabnaw	thin
malabo	vague
malabong	vague
maladlad	unfold
malagak	malaga
malaganap	pervasive
malagas	fall out
malagasan	to fall out
malagay	to be placed
malagim	tragic
malagintong	golden
malagkit	sticky
malaglag	fall
malago	lush
malagong	lush
malagot	torn
malagpak	fall down
malagpakan	to fall
malagung	big
malagut	malagut
malagutan	to be filled
malagyan	to be placed
malahininga	to the devil
malakas	strong
malakas 	strong 
malaki	big
Malakias	Malachi
malaking	big
malakip	Attach
malala	malala
malalâ	wide
malalabag	infringed
malalabanan	can be fought
malalabas	malabas
malalabay	leafy
malalabi	malabi
malalabing	shall
malalabo	blurry
malalabong	blurry
malalagas	to fall apart
malalagasan	shall
malalagay	will be placed
malalagim	terrible
malalaglag	will fall
malalago	to grow
malalagong	lush
malalagot	will be angry
malalagpak	destroyed
malalagutan	will be released
malalagyan	can be placed
malalakaran	malakaran
malalakas	strong
malalaki	big
malalaking	large
malalaking 	large 
malalakip	will be attached
malalakiʼt	malalakiʼt
malalalim	deep
malalaman	to be known
malalamang	will be known
malalambot	soft
malalamig	cold
malalamnan	to be filled with
malalampasan	surmountable
malalang	serious
malalango	yellow
malalansag	pieces
malalanta	wither
malalantad	will be exposed
Malalantang	wither
malalaon	be long
malalapa	malalapa
malalapad	wide
malalapastangan	profaned
malalapit	nearby
malalapitan	approachable
malalapnos	slippery
malalapok	rot
malalasahan	delicious
malalasap	delicious
malalasing	drunk
malalaswa	obscene
malalaswang	obscene
malalaunan	later
malalawag	loose
malalawak	wide
malalayaw	sensual
malalayo	far away
malalayong	distant
malalim	deep
malaman	to know
malamang	probably
malamangan	to be able to
malambing	sweet
malambot	soft
malamig	cold
Malamlam	Dark
malamon	hatred
malampasan	overcome
malangib	malang
malango	gates
malanta	scholarship
malantad	be exposed
malaon	eventually
malaong	late
malapad	wide
malapastangan	profaned
malapit	near
malapít	close
malapitan	close up
malapnusan	flay
malapot	viscous
Malaquias	Malachi
malas	lazy
malasahan	to taste
malasakit	concern
malasap	delicious
malasin	to see
malasing	drunk
malason	poisonous
malaswa	obscene
malaswang	obscene
malat	malate
malata	sick
malawak	wide
malay	malay
malaya	malaya
malaya 	malaya 
malayang	free
malayaw	wantonly
malayo	far away
malayo 	far away 
malayong	distant
malayu	Malay
Malayung	Far away
Malcam	Malcam
Malcham	Malcham
Malchel	Malchel
Malchi	Malchi
Malchias	Malchias
Malchiel	Malchiel
Malchielita	Malchielita
Malco	Malchus
Malcom	Malcom
Malcus	Malcus
mali	had
malibak	denied
maliban	except
malibang	unless
malibing	buried
malibis	valleys
malibog	horny
malibot	to go around
maligalig	anxious
maligamgam	lukewarm
maligaw	get lost
maligaya	happy
maligayahan	be happy
maligayang	happy
maliglig	jerky
maligno	malignant
malignong	malignong
maligo	take a bath
maligtas	be saved
malihim	secretive
malihis	to wander
maliit	small
maliitin	belittle
malikom	gather
maliksi	agile
maliksing	agile
malilibing	buried
maliligaw	will be lost
maliligaya	happy
maliligayang	happy
maliligo	will take a bath
maliligtas	will be saved
malilihim	secretive
malilihis	deviant
malilihisan	deviate
maliliit	small
malilikom	will be collected
malilikot	fidgety
maliliksi	agile
maliliksing	agile
maliliman	shadow
malilimas	clear
malilimot	memorable
malilimutan	forgettable
malilimutang	forgettable
malilinaw	clear
malilingid	mallinks
malilinis	clean
malilinlang	be deceived
malilipat	will be transferred
malilipol	will be destroyed
malilipol 	will be destroyed 
malilirip	insightful
malilisya	malice
malilitaw	will appear
malilito	confused
maliliwanagan	enlightened
malimit	often
malimot	Forget
malimusan	be merciful
malimut	forget
malimutan	forget
malinamnam	delicious
malinaw	clear
maling	wrong
malingap	as expected
malingid	melanid
malinis	clean
malinisan	clean
malinlang	be deceived
malipat	to move
malipol	to be destroyed
malirip	thoughtful
malitaw	Malta
malitis	evil
malito	confused
maliw	beautiful
maliwag	loose
maliwanag	clear
maliwanagan	enlighten
maliyab	maliyab
Malki	Malki
Malkia	Queen
Malkiel	Unlike
Malkiram	Malkiram
Mallothi	Mallothi
Malloti	Malloti
Malluc	Malluc
Malluch	Malluch
maloko	inside
malolooban	empty
Maloti	Maloti
Malquias	Malquias
Malquiel	Malquiel
Malquijas	Malquijas
Malquiram	Malquiram
Malta	Malta
malubay	loose
malubha	serious
malubhang	serious
malubog	swamp
malubos	complete
Maluc	Hip
Maluch	Toddler
malugas	crazy
malugmok	fall down
malugod	welcome
malugso	walk
malugunan	to be happy
maluho	luxurious
malulubhang	serious
malulubog	sinking
malulubos	It would
malulugi	to lose money
malulugmok	to collapse
malulugod	happy
maluluma	to be sick
malulumang	wear
malulungkot	sad
malulunod	drown
malulupig	conquerors
malulupit	cruel
malulusaw	soluble
malulusob	vulnerable
malulusog	healthy
maluluwalhati	glorious
Maluluwatan	delays
malumanay	gently
malumbay	sad
malunasan	remedy
malungkot	sad
malungkuti	sad
malungkutin	sad
malunod	drown
malunok	swallow
malupi	doubled
malupig	subdue
malupit	cruel
maluraan	scold
malusog	healthy
malutas	solve
maluwag	loose
maluwalhati	glorious
maluwalhating	glorious
maluwang	spacious
maluwat	long
malvas	mallows
mamabigatin	will be heavy
mamabutihin	be kind
mamaga	swollen
mamagalingin	will recover
mamagandahing	to moan beautifully
mamagitan	intervene
mamagod	mamagod
mamahagi	distribute
mamahala	manage
mamahalang	to manage
mamahalin	will be loved
mamahaling	expensive
mamahay	to live
mamahinga	relax
mamahingang	relax
mamakalawa	twice
mamalagi	to stay
mamalakaya	trawl
mamalas	to see
mamalat	Mammal
mamaliitin	become small
mamalimos	beg
mamamaga	swell
mamamagitan	mediate
mamamahala	to manage
Mamamahay	Sorry
mamamahinga	will rest
mamamalagi	will stay
mamamalaging	resident
mamamalakaya	fisherman
mamamalas	to see
mamamalayan	will be aware
mamamalayok	potter
mamamalimos	beggar
mamamalit	drove
mamamana	archer
mamamanday	carpenter
mamamangha	be amazed
mamamanglaw	sad
mamamanhik	beggar
mamamasdan	observer
mamamatay	to die
mamamataytao	murderer
mamamataytaong	murderer
mamamatnubay	guide
mamamaya	later
mamamayan	citizen
mamamayang	citizen
mamamayapa	peacemaker
mamana	powerful
mamanahin	inherit
mamanahing	mamanahing
mamanata	mother
mamangha	be amazed
mamanglaw	dismal
mamanhik	beg
mamarapatin	to be worthy
mamasahing	to smell
mamasamain	will be bad
mamasdan	to observe
mamasid	observe
mamasyal	take a walk
mamataan	to be spotted
mamatamisin	martyrdom
mamatapatin	truly
mamatay	die
mamatayan	to die
mamatuwirin	justify
mamaya	later
mamayang	later
mamayapa	later
mambabatas	legislator
mambobola	flatter
mambola	flatter
mambubulyaw	scold
mambuburda	embroiderer
mamigay	distribute
mamighati	maamighati
mamili	to shop
mamilipit	to squirm
mamimighati	mammighat
mamimighating	grieving
mamimili	buyer
mamimiling	buyer
Mamimilipit	Twister
mamiminsala	harm
mamimisa	count
mamimisâ	will miss
mamimitag	fowler
mamimitas	gather
mamingwit	fishing rod
maminsala	maminsala
maminsan	once
mamitas	pick
Mamre	Mamre
mamugto	to be short
mamuhay	to live
mamuhi	dislike
mamukpok	slug
mamuksa	mother
mamula	blush
mamulaklak	bloom
mamulat	to wake up
mamulot	pick
mamulubi	bulbs
mamumugnaw	devouring
mamumuhay	will live
mamumukadkad	blossom
mamumukod	will stand out
mamumuksa	destroyers
mamumula	blushing
mamumulaklak	flower
mamumulot	gleaner
mamumunga	fruit-bearing
mamumuno	lead
mamumusong	blasphemer
mamumutawi	will be rewarded
mamumuti	whiter
mamumutla	pale
mamumutol	hewers
mamumuwis	discomfited
mamunga	BEAR FRUIT
mamungang	yielding
mamuno	to lead
mamunong	wise
mamusong	insult
mamuti	turn white
mamutla	pale
man	man
man 	man 
mana	where
manabik	yearn
Manaen	Manaen
managana	abound
managhili	envy
managhoy	lament
managinip	dream
managot	be responsible
Manahach	Manahat
manahagis	overturned
manahan	hold on
manahanan	inhabit
Manahat	Manahat
Manahat 	Manahat 
Manahateo	Replying to @serenity
Manahath	Manahath
Manahatita	Manahatita
Manahem	Manasseh
Manahethita	Manchester
manahi	good morning
manahimik	be quiet
manahin	inherit
manaig	prevail
manaing	manaing
manakawan	rob
manakit	hurt
manakmal	with these
manakop	conquer
manalangin	pray
manalanging	pray
manalig	believe
manalo	win
manambahan	add
manambitan	to announce
manamit	dress
manampalasan	to spoil
manampalataya	believe
manamsam	manamsam
mananabas	cutter
Mananabog	dispersed
mananagana	amazing
mananaghili	envious
mananaghoy	mourn
mananaginip	dream
mananagot	responsible
mananaguwan	rowers
mananahan	inhabitant
mananahanan	dwell
mananahi	seamstress
mananahimik	silent
mananaig	prevail
mananais	pineapple
mananakaw	thief
mananakay	rider
mananakbo	runner
mananakim	mananakimi
mananakit	hurt
mananakmal	Shall
mananakop	conqueror
mananakot	bully
mananalangin	pray
mananalanging	pray
mananalangsang	transgressor
mananalig	believer
mananalo	winner
mananalok	mananalok
mananalot	strike
mananalumpati	orator
mananamantala	have a good time
mananamba	worshiper
mananambitan	mourn
mananamit	agree
mananampalataya	believer
mananampalataya 	believer 
mananampalatayang	believer
mananamsam	have fun
mananangan	hold
mananangis	mourn
manananim	five
mananaog	winners
mananariwa	night
mananasa	to invite
mananatili	will remain
mananatiling	will remain
Mananawa	Breath
mananawas	winner
mananaway	rebuker
mananayaw	dancer
mananayo	stand
mananayong	thyself
manang	inheritance
manangan	to build
mananghali	dinner
manangis	yowl
manaog	descend
manapa	cut
manas	mine
Manase	Manasseh
Manases	Manasseh
Manasita	Manasseh
manata	manat
manatili	stay
manatiling	stay
manaugin	and down
manauli	manauli
manaw	man
manawari	beggar
manayo	fails
mandadaya	mandadaya
mandala	mandala
mandaragat	sailor
mandaragit	predator
mandarambong	pirate
mandaraya	deceiver
mandarayang	fraudulent
mandaya	jockey
mandidiri	disgusting
mandin	mandin
manding	manding
mandiri	independent
mandirigma	warrior
mandirigmang	warrior
mandragora	mandrake
mandragoras	mandrakes
maneh	again
mang	carry
Manga	Manga
mangaaalaala	manga area
mangaaaliw	comforted
mangaagaw	to steal
mangaalaala	manga area
mangaalaman	mangalaman
mangaalipusta	mangaliputta
mangaalis	in the barbecue
mangaaliw	entertain
mangaani	manganese
mangaapi	learn
mangaararo	underwater
mangaaraw	sleep
mangaatag	mangaatag
mangaawit	singer
mangabababa	to be quiet
mangababagabag	tremble
mangababagsak	will collapse
mangababali	thank you
mangababalian	broken
mangababalik	will return
mangababautismuhan	baptized
mangabagabag	troubled
mangabagsak	cut
mangabalian	be broken
mangabalisa	thought
mangabasag	be broken
mangabati	thank you
mangabautismuhan	baptized
mangabibigay	shall be
mangabibilanggo	shall be bound
mangabibili	shall
mangabihag	captivity
mangabilang	reckoned
mangabubuhay	will live
mangabubulagta	slain shall fall
mangabubulid	fall
mangabubunot	rooted
mangabubusog	satisfied
mangabubuwal	fall
mangabuhay	live
mangabulag	to be separated
mangabusog	full
mangabuwal	fall
mangadadala	mango
mangadadaya	mangadadaya
mangadala	mango
mangadilat	mangadilat
mangagaahon	bring
mangagaalinlangan	doubters
mangagaaral	students
mangagaari	possess
mangagaasawa	marry
mangagaayuno	shall
mangagagalak	happy
mangagagalit	angry
mangagaganap	will take place
mangagagawa	worker
mangagalab	kindled
mangagalak	rejoice
mangagalit	get angry
mangagaliwan	to be comfortable
mangaganap	to take place
mangagaralan	to preach
mangagari	stain
mangagasal	yourselves
mangagasawa	to marry
mangagawa	worker
mangagayuno	not fast
mangagbabagong	change
mangagbabalik	return
mangagbabata	suffer
mangagbabayad	payer
mangagbago	change
mangagbagong	change
mangagbalik	will return
mangagbalikloob	should turn
mangagbalot	let
mangagbanal	saints
mangagbangon	Arise
mangagbaon	take any
mangagbata	to endure
mangagbatahan	one another
mangagbatian	Salute
mangagbautismo	baptized
mangagbayad	Recompense
mangagbibigay	givers
mangagbibigkis	gird
mangagbigay	give
mangagbigkis	bind
mangagbihis	dress up
mangagbubo	shed
mangagbubuhos	pour
mangagbubulaan	liar
mangagbubunga	bear fruit
mangagbukas	open
mangagbulay	to meditate
mangagbulaybulay	meditate
mangagbulongbulungan	to whisper
mangagbunga	fruit
mangagbunyi	rejoice
mangagdaan	passed
mangagdadaan	passeth
mangagdadaingang	mourn
mangagdadala	will carry
mangagdadanas	bear
mangagdadaya	deceiving
mangagdala	Take
Mangagdalahan	Bear
mangagdalang	he shall
mangagdaraan	pass
mangagdaramdam	offended
mangagdaya	deceive
mangagdilidili	Consider
Mangagdilim	Darken
mangagdiriwang	celebrant
mangaggagalaw	shake
mangaghahain	sacrifice
mangaghahalal	mangaghahalal
mangaghahandog	shall
mangaghaharap	to confront
mangaghahari	mangaghar
mangaghaharing	shall reign
mangaghahasik	sow
mangaghahayag	declare
mangaghalal	mangaghalal
mangaghalaman	plant gardens
mangaghanda	Prepare
mangaghandog	Selah
mangaghari	reign
mangagharing	reign
mangaghasik	sow
mangaghatulan	to judge
mangaghayag	Hallow
mangaghigantihan	yourselves
mangaghihimagsik	rise up
mangaghihintay	waiting
mangaghihirap	suffer
Mangaghintay	Tarry
mangaghintayan	wait for
mangaghugas	wash
mangaghugasan	wash each other
mangaghuhulog	lay
mangagiba	to destroy
mangagibigan	fall in love
mangagibigang	to fall in love
mangagigising	wake up
mangagiingat	preserve
mangagiingay	roar
mangagiiwan	to be left behind
mangagingat	be careful
mangagising	wake up
mangagisip	think
mangagitla	shocker
mangagkaanak	bear
mangagkainan	rest eat
mangagkaingay	make noise
mangagkaisa	to come
mangagkaisang	of one
mangagkakaanak	inhabited
mangagkakabahabahagi	will divide
mangagkakanuluhan	will deliver
mangagkakapootan	to hate each other
mangagkakaroon	shall
mangagkakasala	Shall
mangagkakasumpong	will find
mangagkakatigilan	at another
mangagkakatipon	be gathered
mangagkakatisuran	to be careful
mangagkakawatakwatak	to fall apart
mangagkapanahon	be contemporary
mangagkapuri	glory
mangagkaputolputol	cut them
mangagkaroon	Let
mangagkasala	to sin
mangagkasiya	be satisfied
mangagkatipon	together
mangagkatiwala	to trust
mangagkatuwa	merry
mangagkatuwang	glad
mangagkatuwiranan	to reason
mangagkubli	lurk
mangaglagay	put
mangaglakas	grow strong
mangaglalagay	will put
mangaglalagda	signatories
mangaglalakas	grow stronger
Mangaglapat	Apply
mangaglayag	sail
mangagligtas	save
mangaglikat	to move
mangaglilibing	to bury
mangagliligaw	seduce
mangagliligtas	rescuers
mangaglilihi	to change
mangaglilikat	to quit
mangaglilingkod	servant
mangagliliwanag	enlighten
mangaglimos	needy
mangaglingkod	serve
mangaglingkuran	serve
mangaglinis	Cleanse
mangaglipat	move
mangaglipulan	be not
mangagluksa	to mourn
mangagluluksa	mourn
mangagluwat	to wait
mangagmadali	Haste
mangagmahalan	tenderly
mangagmalaki	exalt
mangagmamadali	haste
mangagmamana	inherit
mangagmamapuri	boast
mangagmana	inherit
mangagmapuri	glory
mangagmarunong	become wise
Mangagmasid	Take
mangagmasunurin	obedient
mangagmumula	to arise
mangagnanakaw	thief
mangagnanasang	to desire
mangagningas	burn
mangagpaahit	shave
mangagpaalaala	remind
mangagpaalalahanan	admonishing
mangagpaaninaw	interpret
mangagpabangon	cleanse
mangagpabautismo	baptized
mangagpabaya	negligent
mangagpadala	send
mangagpagal	toil
Mangagpagaling	Healer
mangagpahayag	to declare
Mangagpahayagan	Confess
mangagpahinga	take a break
mangagpahiram	lend
mangagpahiwatig	Ninguém
mangagpainit	to warm up
mangagpakababa	to be humble
mangagpakabanal	to be holy
mangagpakabata	to be young
mangagpakabunyi	to be proud
mangagpakabusog	filled
mangagpakahawa	to be happy
mangagpakahinahon	sober
mangagpakaingat	be careful
mangagpakalakas	be strong
mangagpakalalake	shew
mangagpakalasing	get drunk
mangagpakaligaw	to go astray
mangagpakalinis	clean
Mangagpakaluwalhati	Be glorified.
mangagpakasakdal	to perfect
mangagpakasama	to be together
mangagpakasanggol	to be a child
mangagpakasipag	keepers
mangagpakatalino	be smart
mangagpakatao	to be human
mangagpakatapang	courageous
mangagpakatibay	be very strong
mangagpakatimtimang	harmless
mangagpakita	to appear
mangagpalabas	to go out
mangagpalalo	be proud
mangagpalaya	to free
mangagpalimos	beg
mangagpalipatlipat	to move around
mangagpangaralan	comfort
mangagpapadalahan	celebrate
mangagpapahayag	declare
mangagpapahinga	come and settle
mangagpapakababa	to humble oneself
mangagpapakakalbo	to go bald
mangagpapakatapon	yourselves
mangagpapakita	will appear
mangagpapalabas	to go out
mangagpapasabsab	bare
mangagpapasalamat	will be grateful
mangagpapasok	let in
mangagpapastol	feed
mangagpapatawad	forgive
mangagpapatirapa	to prostrate oneself
mangagpapatuloy	will continue
mangagpapatunog	that should
mangagparatang	accuse
mangagparusa	condemn
mangagpasalamat	to be grateful
mangagpasapit	bring
Mangagpasimula	Get started
mangagpasimulang	to begin
mangagpasok	enter
mangagpatawad	Forgiving
mangagpatawaran	forgiving
mangagpatayan	they should
mangagpatibayan	to confirm
mangagpatirapa	to prostrate oneself
mangagpatotoo	bare
mangagpatuloy	continue
mangagpatuluyan	one another
mangagpatunog	to sound
mangagpawing	to disappear
mangagpighati	afflicted
mangagpigil	restrain
mangagpipisan	gather together
mangagpisan	gather together
mangagpupugong	to restrain
mangagpupuno	leaders
mangagpuri	to praise
mangagpuyat	watch
mangagsabi	say
Mangagsagawa	Perform
mangagsakdal	accusation
mangagsalita	speak
Mangagsanggunian	Consult
mangagsapalaran	cast
mangagsasabi	teller
mangagsasalita	speaker
mangagsasalosalo	together
mangagsasaysay	storyteller
mangagsaya	have fun
mangagsayang	to waste
Mangagsiahon	Go
mangagsibili	to buy
mangagsidaing	ye may
mangagsidami	increase
mangagsigawa	to work
mangagsigawan	shout
mangagsigumon	to fight
mangagsihanda	get ready
mangagsihatol	shall
mangagsiimik	be quiet
Mangagsilabas	Come out
mangagsilakad	walk
mangagsilaki	grow up
mangagsipasok	come in
mangagsisaksi	witness
mangagsisi	repent
mangagsisihanap	begin
mangagsisiiyak	will cry
mangagsisikap	strive
mangagsisilagi	to be patient
mangagsisilakad	walkers
mangagsisisama	will get along
mangagsisisamba	worshipers
mangagsisisi	repent
mangagsisitaghoy	lament
mangagsisitayo	will stand
mangagsisunod	should
mangagsitayo	stand up
mangagsitibay	to strengthen
mangagsituktok	knock on the door
mangagsitulad	to imitate
mangagsiyasat	investigate
mangagsiyukod	bow
mangagsugo	send
mangagsumbong	Declare
mangagsunog	burned
mangagsuot	wear
mangagsusulit	examiners
mangagsusunog	arsonists
mangagsusuot	wear
mangagtaas	lift
mangagtaglay	having
mangagtagumpay	succeed
mangagtaka	to be surprised
mangagtamo	may get
mangagtanan	flee
mangagtanggapan	one another
mangagtangkilik	patronize
mangagtanim	to plant
Mangagtanong	Ask a question.
mangagtanyag	to become famous
mangagtataglay	bear
mangagtatakip	cover-up
mangagtatamo	achiever
mangagtatangkilik	patron
mangagtatanim	planter
mangagtatapi	cover
mangagtatatag	founder
mangagtatayo	builder
mangagtayo	build
mangagtiis	endure
Mangagtiisan	Be patient.
mangagtindig	rise
mangagtinginan	one another
mangagtipon	Laying
mangagtitigil	to stop
mangagtitindig	stand up
mangagtuli	circumcised
mangagturo	teach
mangagturuan	to teach
mangagtuturo	teach
mangaguguho	ruins
mangagugutom	hungry
mangagulo	troubled
mangagulumihanan	troubled
mangagupasalaan	Murmur
mangagusapan	Speak
mangaguubasan	vineyards
mangaguuga	shake
mangahagis	throw
mangahahain	to hunt
mangahahanda	open your mouth
mangahahandusay	will be happy
mangahahangal	dote
mangahahapis	anguish
mangahahayag	manifest
mangahalal	mangahalal
mangahas	dare
mangahatulan	judged
mangahawa	defile
mangahayag	revealed
mangahihiga	lie
mangahihikayat	shall be
mangahihiwalay	cut off
mangahihiya	ashamed
mangahihiyang	shame
mangahikayat	be gained
mangahiligan	lean
mangahiwalay	depart
mangahiya	Confounded
mangahoy	wood
mangahuhuli	to be angry
mangahuhulog	will fall
mangahuli	captured
mangahulog	fall
mangaibalik	mightest
mangaihiwalay	to separate
mangaiiwan	manga
mangailangan	require
mangailigaw	deceived
mangaiwan	to leave behind
mangakaahon	gone
mangakaalam	mangakaalam
mangakaalis	in mangakali
mangakababangon	rise again
mangakabangon	rise
mangakabili	mangakabili
mangakagaganti	mangakagaganti
mangakagagawa	mangakagawa
mangakagaod	rowed
mangakahipo	dark
mangakahiwalay	gotten
Mangakaiinom	Mangakainom
mangakain	eat
mangakainom	mangakainom
mangakakaalam	mangakakaalam
mangakakain	to be angry
mangakakakilala	to introduce oneself
mangakakakita	see you later
mangakakakuha	mangakakakuha
mangakakarinig	mangakakarinig
mangakakasanib	grafted
mangakakasumpong	shall
mangakakatalastas	mangakakatalastas
mangakakaunawa	understanding
mangakakita	see you later
mangakakuha	to be angry
mangakalabas	mangakalabas
mangakalapit	mangakalapit
mangakaliligtas	saved
mangakapagaayuno	able to fast
mangakapagbigay	give ourselves
mangakapaghanda	your manga
mangakapagpawing	they had
mangakapanalangin	prayed
mangakapangasiwa	to supervise
mangakapanghula	prophesy
mangakapanuluyan	farms
mangakaparito	to be baptized
mangakaparoon	mangakaparoon
mangakaparoroon	mangakaparoroon
mangakapasok	enter
mangakapit	they might
mangakarinig	mangakarinig
mangakasagot	mangakasagot
mangakasala	mangakasala
mangakasisilong	NEST
mangakasumpong	find it
mangakasusumpong	mangacasesumpong
mangakatagal	mangakatagal
mangakatahan	mangakatahan
mangakatakas	mangakatakas
mangakatanan	mangakatan
mangakatatanan	to be careful
mangakatawid	mangakatawid
mangakatayo	the most difficult
mangakatiis	mangakatis
mangakaunawa	understanding
mangakaupo	scold
mangakaupong	sit down
mangakausap	mangakausap
mangakawawala	to be confused
mangakayaon	may go
mangakialam	mangakialam
mangakikiapid	mangakikiapid
mangakikilala	to introduce oneself
mangakikinig	listen carefully
mangakikita	greedy
mangakilala	introduce yourself
mangakinig	ear
mangakipagaway	fight
mangakipagkatipon	assembled
mangakipaglaban	fight
mangakipagpuyat	watch
mangakipagtipan	make an appointment
mangakita	sick
mangakitang	sick
mangako	promise
mangakong	promise
mangalaga	take care
mangalagay	be at
mangalagda	that they were
mangalahati	halve
mangalakal	to trade
mangalalagay	will be placed
mangalalaglag	fall
mangalalaman	mangalalaman
mangalalamon	devoured
mangalalango	listen
mangalalapa	mangalapa
mangalalayo	far away
mangalango	sing
mangalat	mangalat
mangaligaw	carried away
mangaligtas	saved
mangalilibing	buried
mangaliligaw	aside
mangaliligtas	saved
mangalilipol	perish
mangalilito	confused
mangalipol	consumed
mangalitaw	spring
mangalito	confused
mangalubos	be perfectly
mangalugmok	overcharged
mangalugod	mangalugod
mangalulubog	diver
mangalulugmok	fallen
mangalulumang	wax
mangalulumbay	sorrowful
mangalumbay	sorrow
mangalunya	Mangalsutra
mangamamalagi	manga mamalagi
mangamamangha	mangamamangha
mangamamanglaw	be sad
mangamamatay	will die
mangamanglaw	sorry
mangamatay	SLEEP
mangamba	to be afraid
mangamkam	hog
mangamumulaklak	grow
manganak	give birth
manganamit	will be happy
mangananaghoy	lament
mangananagot	sureties
mangananaig	prevail
mangananakaw	plundered
mangananakmal	devour
mangangabayo	rider
mangangabayong	Horsewoman
mangangahas	daredevil
mangangahoy	woodcutter
mangangailangan	will require
mangangain	eater
mangangako	promise
mangangakong	promise
mangangalaga	guardian
mangangalakal	merchant
mangangalat	tool
mangangalay	fail
mangangalog	shake
mangangalumata	confusion
mangangalunya	adulterer
mangangalunyang	adulterous
mangangalunyaʼy	the mangalunya'y
mangangamba	fearful
manganganak	give birth
manganganib	to be in danger
manganganlong	trust
mangangapa	to search
mangangaral	preacher
mangangarwahe	confusion
mangangasiwa	supervisor
mangangaso	hunter
mangangatal	manganese
mangangatha	inventor
mangangatog	will tremble
mangangatwiran	rationalist
mangangaunti	puzzle
mangangayayat	lean
manganggagaling	coming from
manganggilalas	wonder
manganghihiluka	fade
manganghihimagod	faint
manganghihina	will weaken
manganghimagsik	rebel
manganghinayang	to be ashamed
manganghuhula	prophesy
manganghula	let
manganginginig	shivering
Manganglabo	Blur
manganglalata	languish
manganglulupaypay	to faint
manganglupaypay	to faint
manganib	dangerous
manganlalabo	dim
manganlata	pine
manganlong	shelter
manganunuya	mock
mangapabalik	to return
mangapagilalas	wonder
mangapagod	weary
mangapahamak	mangapahamak
mangapahinga	relax
mangapahiya	Let
mangapakagaling	be very good
mangapakawalan	let go
mangapanatag	calm down
mangapaningasan	kindle
mangapapa	palm
mangapapaalis	depart
mangapapagod	weary
mangapapahamak	mangapapahamak
mangapapahiya	ashamed
mangapapahiyang	ashamed
mangapapalipat	removed
mangapaparoon	shall
mangapapasa	shall
mangapapaso	to burn
mangapapatag	flatten
mangapapatay	shall
mangapapaurong	shall be
mangaparam	mangaparam
mangaparito	to be angry
mangaparoon	come and go
mangaparusahan	be punished
mangapasok	entered
mangapasubasob	fallen
mangapatalikod	turn away
mangapatay	slain
mangapaurong	backward
mangapawi	to be angry
mangapipisa	sly
mangapipisan	gathered
mangapit	harvesters
mangapuno	full
mangapupugnaw	melted
mangapupuno	be full
mangapupunong	filled
mangapuspos	full
mangaral	preach
mangaramay	mangaramay
mangarap	dream
mangaratnang	mangaratnang
mangarinig	hear
mangasakdal	accused
mangasayahan	glad
mangasilo	snared
mangasindak	terrified
mangasisilaw	to be dazzled
mangasisilo	snared
mangasisira	to be destroyed
mangasisiyahan	be happy
mangasiwa	supervise
mangaso	hunt
mangasulat	write
mangasumpungan	found
mangasusugatang	to be injured
mangasusumpungan	will be found
mangasusumpungang	mangasusumpungang
mangasusunog	burned
mangataas	lifted
mangatakot	to be afraid
mangatakpan	Let them be
mangatala	ask for help
mangatataboy	to beg
mangatatag	let
mangatatakot	mangatatakot
mangatatangay	we ask
mangatatapos	shall fail
mangatatatag	calm down
mangatatayo	please
mangatawag	should be
mangatigilan	Stay
mangatira	boss
mangatisod	mangatisod
mangatitigilan	astonished
mangatitiis	mangatitiis
mangatitira	to be careful
mangatitisod	manganese
mangatuli	kneel
mangatulig	confounded
mangatulog	sleep
Mangatunaw	Melt
mangatupad	fulfill
mangatuto	to be quiet
mangatutulig	confounded
mangatutulog	sleep
mangatutunaw	melted
mangatutupad	they shall
mangatututo	to dry
mangatutuwa	merry
mangatutuyo	wither
mangatuwa	old man
mangatuwiran	to reason
mangatuyo	the three
mangatwiran	to reason
mangaudyok	provoke
mangauga	mouth
mangaukit	They were
mangaumog	get wet
mangaunang	they would
mangautusan	commanded
mangauuhaw	thirst
mangauulol	mad
mangauuna	morning
mangauuwi	mangauuwi
mangawala	perish
mangawalan	without
mangawasak	waste
mangawawala	abolished
mangawawasak	overthrown
mangawisikan	sprinkling
mangayayanig	shake
mangayupapa	humble
mangayuyurakan	crush
mangbabagabag	troubled
mangbabaka	of war
mangbabakal	smiths
Mangbabautismo	Baptist
mangbububo	founder
mangbubuhos	wanderers
mangbubukid	farmer
mangbuburda	porridge
mangbubusog	archers
mangdadagit	bird
mangdadahas	violent
mangdadala	posts
mangdadaldal	chatterbox
mangdadalisay	refiner
mangdadaras	hewers
mangdala	shocks
mangdaragat	sailors
mangdaya	deceive
mangdidigma	war
mangduduwahagi	scoffer
mangduduwahaging	scornful
mangeenkanto	mangeenkanto
manggagaling	coming
manggagamot	physician
manggagaod	rower
manggagapas	reaper
manggagawa	worker
manggagawang	worker
manggagaway	magician
manggagayuma	mangogayuma
manggaling	come from
manggas	sleeve
manggiba	to bring
manggigiba	manggigiba
manggigibang	manggigibang
manggigilalas	shivering
manggigiling	manggigilling
manggilalas	callalas
manggugulo	troublemaker
manggugunaw	overrunning
manggugupit	coiffeur
manggulo	to disturb
mangha	surprise
manghahabi	weaver
manghahabing	weaver
manghahabol	pursuer
manghahamak	scoffer
manghahampas	striker
manghahasik	sower
manghahawak	cling
manghamon	challenge
manghang	amazing
manghawak	hang on
manghiganti	vengeance
manghihiganti	avenger
manghihihip	to blow
manghihikayat	encourage
manghihilagpos	thrower
manghihilakbot	dread
manghihilot	picker
manghihimagsik	rebel
manghihina	weaken
manghihinayang	regret
manghihingi	beg
manghihiram	borrower
manghilakbot	quail
manghimagsik	rebel
manghina	weaken
manghinawa	to be disappointed
manghinayang	regret
manghingi	beg
manghiram	borrow
manghuhubog	ascribe
manghuhula	fortune teller
manghuhulang	soothsayer
manghuhuli	hunter
manghuhutok	archers
manghula	predict
manghulang	prophesy
manghuli	hunt
mangibabaw	dominate
mangibang	to go abroad
mangiilan	to be few
mangilabot	INTERCEDE
mangilag	beware
manginain	to graze
mangingibang	to migrate
mangingibig	lover
mangingikil	racketeer
mangingilabot	tingle
mangingilala	curious
mangingilin	abstain
mangingilo	thunder
mangingiming	will be quiet
manginginain	feed
manginginaing	FEED
manginginig	tremble
manginginom	drinker
mangingintab	shine
mangingisda	fisherman
mangingisdang	fisherman
mangingitlog	lay eggs
manginig	tremble
mangitim	tan
mangiyak	cry
mangkok	bowl
mangkukulam	witch
Manglabo	Let
manglalaban	fighting
manglalait	manglalait
manglalakas	will grow stronger
manglalakbay	foreigners
manglalako	traders
manglalambot	weak
manglalamon	glutton
manglalasing	drunkards
manglalata	weak
manglata	tin can
manglilibak	scoffer
manglilibing	undertaker
mangliligaw	lover
mangliliit	thin
manglilipol	spoiler
manglilo	deal treacherously
manglipol	slaughter
mangloloob	spoilers
manglulumo	melt
manglulupaypay	fail
manglulupig	extortioners
mangluluto	cook
manglumo	melt
manglupaypay	dismayed
mangmang	fool
mangolekta	collect
mangongolekta	collector
manguha	gather
manguna	lead
mangungubasan	dressers
mangunguha	will take
mangungulila	bereaved
mangungulimlim	the most important thing
mangungulti	complete
mangunguna	leader
mangungunang	the mountain
mangungupit	thief
mangungusap	speaker
mangungutang	borrower
mangungutya	quiz
mangupahan	rent
mangusap	to talk
mangutang	borrow
mangutya	mock
manguubasan	slang
manguukit	engraver
manguusig	monkey
mangwasak	mangwash
mangwawasak	destroyers
mangyari	happen
mangyaring	please
mangyayari	will happen
mangyayaring	it will happen
manhid	numb
manhik	beg
manibasib	manibasib
manibugho	I am a thief.
manigas	stiff
manila	manila
manindigan	stand up
maningas	burn
maningning	brilliant
maninibag	cutters
maninibat	spearman
maninibugho	jealous
maniniil	tyrant
maninikit	scold
maninikluhod	kneeling
maninila	predator
maninilaw	yellow
manininda	salesman
maninindigan	stand up
maniningil	TAX
maninipis	thin
maninira	destroyer
maninirador	hunter
maninirahan	resident
maninirahang	resident
maninirang	destroyer
maninisid	diver
maniniwala	believe
maniniwalang	believe
manipis	thin
manira	destroy
manirador	groomer
manirahan	to live
manirahang	sojourn
maniwala	believe
maniwalang	believe
mankok	bowl
manlait	insult
manlalait	slanderer
manlalakbay	traveler
manlalamig	cold
manlalaro	player
manlalarong	player
manlalata	slanderer
manlalayag	sailor
manlapa	to tear
manligaw	to flirt
manliit	become small
manlilibak	mocker
manliligaw	lover
manlilikha	creator
manlilinlang	deceiver
manlilipol	exterminator
manlinlang	deceive
manloko	cheat
manloloko	fraudster
manlulumo	weary
manlulupaypay	weary
manlulupig	conqueror
manlumo	to be depressed
manlupaypay	manlupaypay
manmanan	to spy
manna	human
mannang	manna
mano	thousand
Manoa	String
manok	chicken
manonood	viewer
manood	watch
mansanang	apples
mansanas	apple
mansyon	mansion
mantekilla	Butter
mantekilya	butter
mantelet	coats
mantika	oil
mantikilya	butter
mantsa	stain
manubok	snoop
manugang	son-in-law
manuligsa	manuligsa
manumbalik	return
manumpa	swear
manumpang	swear
manungayaw	swear
manunggab	united
manungkulan	to hold office
manunod	heirs
manuntok	punch
manunubos	salvation
manunudla	shot
manunugat	destroyer
manunugtog	musician
manunuklaw	biter
manunukso	tempter
manunula	poet
manunulat	writer
manunulong	invaders
manunulongan	speaker
manunuluyan	stranger
manunumbalik	restorer
manunumpa	swearer
manunungkulan	incumbent
manunupok	consumer
manunuwag	aggressor
manunuway	disobedient
manunuwid	editor
manunuya	mocker
Manuot	Listen carefully
manuskrito	MANUSCRIPTS
manuwag	pierce
manuya	manuya
manyayapak	manyayapak
manzanas	apples
Maoc	Maoch
Maoch	Maoch
Maok	stealing
Maon	Mao
Maonathi	Maonathi
Maonita	Monitor
mapa	map
mapaaamo	shame
mapaahitan	to be shaved
mapaalalahanan	be reminded
mapaalis	be dismissed
mapaamo	tame
mapaatras	to retreat
mapabababa	abase
mapababaho	smelly
mapabakayan	abode
mapabalik	to be returned
mapabayaan	to be neglected
mapabilang	to be included
mapabuti	improve
mapadaan	to pass by
mapadaiti	be gentle
mapadali	FACILITATE
mapadpad	to be stranded
mapag	to be
mapagagaling	curable
mapagalaala	mindful
mapagaling	be cured
mapagalinlangang	doubtful
mapaganda	beautify
mapagbabayaran	payable
mapagbago	changeable
mapagbalaan	be warned
mapagbangon	mover
mapagbanta	threatening
mapagbayaran	payable
mapagbigay	generous
mapagbigyan	to be satisfied
mapagbilinan	to be instructed
mapagbiyaya	gracious
mapagbiyayang	gracious
mapagbubuksan	openable
mapagbulong	whispering
Mapagdamay	Compassionate
mapaggagamitan	usable
mapaggamitan	usable
mapaghalata	obvious
mapaghanap	inquisitive
mapagharian	domineering
mapaghatid	deliverable
mapaghiga	lying down
mapaghiganti	vengeful
mapaghihigantihan	vengeful
mapaghimagsik	rebellious
mapagimbot	covetous
mapaging	to become
mapagisa	be united
mapagitna	moderate
mapagkabit	connectable
mapagkailangan	needy
mapagkaisahan	to be united
mapagkakampuhan	campable
mapagkakasunduan	negotiable
mapagkakasya	accommodating
mapagkakatiwalaan	trustworthy
mapagkakatiwalaang	trustworthy
mapagkalingang	caring
mapagkaloob	generous
mapagkamalan	fallible
mapagkasundo	reconcile
mapagkatha	inventive
mapagkatiwalaan	trustworthy
mapagkikilala	recognizable
mapagkikita	meetable
mapagkilala	recognizable
mapagkilalang	recognizable
mapagkukunan	resource
mapagkumbabang	humble
mapagkunwari	hypocritical
mapaglabanan	to resist
mapaglagyan	accommodating
mapaglait	contemptuous
mapaglalagyan	placeable
mapaglalapagan	collapsible
mapaglango	drunk
mapaglapastangan	blasphemous
mapaglaruan	playful
mapaglibingan	burial ground
mapaglilibingan	burial ground
mapaglilihiman	secretive
mapaglingkod	helpful
mapaglingkuran	serviceable
mapaglubid	creative
mapagmababa	humble
mapagmahal	loving
mapagmalabis	excessive
mapagmalaki	proud
mapagmalaking	proud
mapagmalasakit	caring
mapagmamasdan	observant
mapagmapuri	proud
mapagmasdan	observable
mapagmataas	arrogant
mapagmatigas	stubborn
mapagmatuwid	righteous
mapagnais	desirable
mapagnanakawan	plunderer
mapagod	get tired
mapagpaalam	farewell
mapagpahingahan	restful
mapagpahinuhod	patient
mapagpahiram	lending
mapagpahirap	depressing
mapagpaimbabaw	hypocritical
mapagpakitaan	to show off
mapagpakumbaba	humble
mapagpakumbabá	humble
mapagpakumbabang	humbly
mapagpakunwari	hypocritical
mapagpala	blessed
mapagpalalo	arrogant
mapagpalang	blessed
mapagpaliban	procrastinating
mapagpanggap	pretentious
mapagpapagulong	disruptive
mapagpapahingahan	can relax
mapagpapaimbabaw	hypocritical
mapagpapainitan	warm
mapagpapala	blessed
mapagpapastulan	grazing
mapagpapasukan	employable
mapagpapaumanhinan	excusable
mapagpapaunahan	to be promoted
mapagpasalamat	grateful
mapagpasensya	patient
mapagpastulan	pasture
mapagpasyahan	decisive
mapagpasyahang	decisive
mapagpatawad	forgiving
mapagpatotoo	trustworthy
mapagpatubo	usurious
mapagpatuloy	hospitable
mapagpaumanhin	forgiving
mapagpautang	creditor
mapagpayapa	peacemaker
mapagpighating	sad
mapagpigil	restrained
mapagpuna	critical
mapagpuri	boastful
mapagputol	cutting
mapagputolputol	fragmentary
mapagpuyat	vigilant
mapagrebeldeng	rebellious
mapagsabihan	to be told
mapagsabitan	hanging
mapagsakyan	rideable
mapagsalangsang	transgressive
mapagsalita	talkative
mapagsalitaan	talkative
mapagsama	to be united
mapagsamantala	exploitative
mapagsamantalang	exploitative
mapagsamba	worshipful
mapagsariling	independent
mapagsasabihan	talkative
mapagsasanggunian	consultable
mapagsikap	hardworking
mapagsisihan	regrettable
mapagsisisi	repentant
mapagsisiyasat	inquisitive
mapagsumpa	cursed
mapagsusunugan	combustible
mapagtaguan	hideaway
mapagtagumpay	successful
mapagtagumpayan	overcome
mapagtanim	to be envied
mapagtantong	to realize
mapagtanungan	questionable
mapagtanungan 	questionable 
mapagtapat	honest
mapagtataguan	hiding place
mapagtatalastas	informative
mapagtatanungan	questionable
mapagtatayuan	buildable
Mapagtatrabaho	Employable
mapagtayuan	buildable
mapagtibay	affirmative
mapagtiis	patient
mapagtiisan	patient
mapagtimpi	temperate
mapagtiwala	trusting
mapagtrabaho	hardworking
mapagtungayaw	slanderer
mapagtunggali	competitive
mapagtuya	sarcastic
mapagunawa	understanding
mapagupasala	regrettable
mapaguunawa	understandable
mapaguusapan	talkable
mapaguusisaan	inquire
mapagwagi	victorious
mapagwalang	wonder
mapagwari	latent
mapagwikaan	reprehend
mapagyabang	boastful
mapahaba	to be prolonged
mapahamak	perish
mapahanginan	to be aired
mapahapay	tossed
mapaharap	to face
mapahawak	to be held
mapahilagpusan	shoot
mapahintulutan	be allowed
mapahiran	anointed
mapahirapan	smite
mapahiya	to be ashamed
mapaibig	loveable
mapailalim	be immersed
mapainom	mapainom
mapairal	mapairal
mapait	bitter
mapaiyak	to cry
mapakahinhin	modest
mapakain	to be fed
mapakali	restless
mapakialam	officious
mapakiapid	adulterous
mapakinabang	profitable
mapakinabangan	to benefit
mapakinggan	to be heard
mapakipagtalo	to argue
mapakiusapan	to be asked
mapakiusapang	please
mapakla	sour
Mapako	On the map
mapalaban	be resistant
mapalabas	be released
mapalad	lucky
mapalagay	restless
mapalagi	preserve
mapalago	grow
mapalakas	strengthen
mapalalabas	to be released
mapalalaya	freed
mapalalayas	divorce
mapalaon	delicious
mapalapad	enlarge
mapalapit	get closer
mapalasong	to be drunk
mapalawak	expand
mapalawig	extendable
mapalaya	be released
mapalayas	to be expelled
mapalayo	FAILING
mapaligiran	encompass
mapalipat	transfer
mapalitan	be replaced
mapalo	to be beaten
mapamahalaan	manageable
mapamahiin	superstitious
mapamamahalaan	manage
mapamarisang	marching
mapaminsala	harmful
mapaminsalang	harmful
mapamintas	critical
mapamuksang	destructive
mapana	wide
mapanaghiliin	jealous
mapanaginipin	dreamy
mapanaginiping	dreamy
mapanagumpayan	OVERCOME
mapanahanan	to house
mapanakop	conqueror
mapanalanginin	prayerful
mapanampalatayahin	faithless
mapananaligan	reliable
mapananatili	sustainable
mapanatag	calm
mapanatili	maintain
mapanatiling	to keep
mapandayang	deceitful
mapang	map
mapangahas	daring
mapangahasang	presumptuous
mapangalat	scattered
mapangalunya	scumbags
mapangangalagaan	maintainable
mapanganib	dangerous
mapangaralan	preachable
mapangasawa	marriageable
mapangasawang	to marry
mapangatal	to be stubborn
mapangayupapa	defiled
mapanggagalingan	resourceful
mapanggulo	disorderly
mapanghiganti	vindictive
mapanghigantihan	avenged
mapanghikayat	persuasive
mapanghimagsik	rebellious
mapanghusga	judgmental
mapanginig	trembling
mapanglaw	melancholy
mapangmata	supercilious
mapangpahamak	destroying
mapangpahirap	torturous
mapangulo	evening
mapangumbaba	samuel_samuel
mapangutya	cynical
mapangwasak	destructive
mapanibughuin	jealous
mapanibughuing	JEALOUS
mapaniniwalaan	credible
mapanira	destructive
mapanirang	destructive
mapaniwala	believable
mapaniwalaan	believable
mapanlait	insulting
mapanlamang	profitable
mapanlinlang	deceptive
mapansin	to notice
mapantayan	to be equal
mapanukso	teasing
mapanumbalik	restorative
mapanungayaw	curses
mapanuya	ironic
mapanuyang	sarcastic
mapapa	will be destroyed
mapapaalat	salty
mapapaalis	will be expelled
Mapapaari	Affordable
mapapaaway	quarrelsome
mapapabalik	reintroducing
mapapabalita	newsworthy
mapapabayaan	neglectable
mapapabilang	to be included
mapapabuti	can be improved
mapapadaan	passable
Mapapadakila	Exalted
mapapadpad	to be stranded
mapapagaan	will be relieved
mapapagaling	can be cured
mapapagdugtong	connectable
mapapagod	tired
mapapahamak	to be destroyed
mapapahiga	will be laid down
mapapahinga	can rest
mapapahiya	will be embarrassed
mapapahiyang	embarrassing
mapapailing	will be shaken
mapapairal	will exist
mapapait	bitter
mapapakanino	who can see it?
mapapakinabang	useful
mapapakinabangan	useful
mapapakinggan	audible
mapapakiusapan	can be requested
mapapala	will be blessed
mapapalad	fortunate
mapapalagay	rest assured
mapapalakas	will be strengthened
mapapalapit	to get closer
mapapalayas	will be evicted
mapapalayo	will be removed
mapapaligaya	happy
mapapaligiran	surrounded
mapapalis	will be erased
mapapalit	exchangeable
mapapalitan	replaceable
mapapalitang	interchangeable
mapapanalanginan	to be prayed for
mapapanariwa	refreshing
mapapanatag	be at ease
mapapanatili	maintainable
mapapanatiling	sustainable
mapapangasawa	marriageable
mapapangaw	to be carried away
mapapanglaw	sad
mapapaniwalaan	believable
mapapansin	noticeable
mapapantayan	equal
mapapantayang	equal
mapapanumbalik	recoverable
mapapapasok	accessible
mapapapunta	will be able to go
mapaparam	disappear
mapaparangalan	to be honored
mapaparatangan	to be accused
mapapariwara	perishable
mapapariyan	will be there
mapaparoon	will be there
mapaparusahan	punishable
mapapasa	will pass
mapapasaakin	I can have it.
mapapasaatin	will be ours
mapapasailalim	subject to
mapapasainyo	you will have
mapapasaisip	memorable
mapapasaiyo	you will have
mapapasakanila	they will have it
mapapasakanilang	will be theirs
Mapapasakanya	It will be appreciated.
mapapasakay	can be carried
mapapasalamatan	to be grateful
mapapasama	will be damaged
mapapasan	to be carried
mapapasaulo	memorable
mapapasaya	will be happy
mapapaso	will burn
mapapasok	to be admitted
Mapapasuko	Submissive
Mapapasunod	Will be followed
mapapatag	will be leveled
mapapatahimik	will be quiet
mapapatawad	forgivable
mapapatay	to be killed
mapapatid	will be torn apart
mapapatigil	will be stopped
mapapatnubayan	can be guided
mapapatotohanan	verifiable
mapapatunayan	provable
mapapatunayang	verifiable
mapapatuyo	will dry up
mapapaunlad	can be developed
mapapawalang	will be deleted
mapapawi	will be erased
mapapawing	will be extinguished
mapapayagang	permissible
mapapayapa	peaceful
mapapayat	to lose weight
mapapayukod	will be bowed down
mapapipihit	mapapihit
mapapisan	to gather
mapapupurihan	honor
mapapurihan	to be praised
mapaputol	to be cut off
mapara	marble
maparaan	resourceful
maparam	maparam
maparami	multiply
maparangalan	to be honored
maparatangan	to be accused
mapariwara	corrupt
maparoon	be there
maparusahan	be punished
maparusahang	punishable
mapasa	twins
mapasaakin	to me
mapasaatin	ours
mapasadlak	slump
mapasailalim	to be subject to
mapasainyo	be with you
mapasaiyo	be with you
mapasakanila	they will have
mapasakanya	to him/her
mapasalamatan	thank
mapasama	to be included
mapasaya	make happy
mapasigaw	to scream
mapaso	to be burned
mapasok	to enter
mapasubo	to be sad
mapasugba	cast
mapasukan	to be admitted
mapasuko	to be subdued
mapasunod	to be obeyed
mapataas	to increase
mapatag	flow
mapatahimik	to be calm
mapatakas	escape
mapatakbo	to operate
mapataon	to be able to
mapatapat	honest
mapatapon	deport
mapatatag	be stable
mapatatagal	durable
mapatatawad	forgivable
mapatawad	be forgiven
mapatay	to be killed
mapatayo	to be built
mapatibay	be strengthened
mapatid	to be torn
mapatigil	to be stopped
mapatong	at funerals
mapatotohanan	verifiable
mapatunayan	be proven
mapatunayang	to be proven
mapatutunayan	verifiable
mapatutunayang	verifiable
mapaurong	flinch
mapauurong	retreat
mapawalang	be released
mapawawalan	to be released
mapawawalang	dispensable
mapawi	to be relieved
mapayaman	become rich
mapayaon	peaceful
mapayapa	peaceful
mapayapang	peaceful
mapayuhan	be advised
mapiga	squeeze
mapighati	mapighati
mapigil	controllable
mapigilan	to be prevented
mapigilang	preventable
mapilay	sprain
mapilayan	to be crippled
mapili	selected
mapilit	urgently
mapilitan	be forced
mapilitang	be forced
mapinsala	be harmed
mapintasan	to be criticized
mapipi	I'm sorry.
mapipighati	distressed
mapipigil	controllable
mapipigilan	preventable
mapipilan	to be delayed
mapipili	selectable
mapipiling	selectable
mapipilitan	will be forced
mapipilitang	forced
mapipintog	plump
mapipipi	to be mute
mapipisan	to be gathered
mapipisang	to be picked
mapipitas	to be picked
mapisan	gather
mapitpit	tight
mapoot	hate
mapopoot	poppy
Mapoprotektahan	Will be protected
maproteksyunan	be protected
maprotektahan	to protect
mapugnaw	raze
mapukaw	waken
mapuksa	exterminate
mapula	red
mapulaan	to turn red
mapulang	red
mapulapula	red
mapulot	to find
mapuna	spring
mapunan	be filled
mapungay	lively
mapunit	to tear
mapuno	FILL
mapunta	to land
mapuntahan	accessible
mapunuan	to fill
mapupugnaw	will melt
mapupuksa	to be destroyed
Mapupuksang	Destroyable
mapupulot	can be picked up
mapupungay	bright
mapupuno	will be filled
mapupunta	will go
mapupuri	praiseworthy
mapupusok	aggressive
mapupuspos	will be filled
mapuputi	white
mapuputing	white
mapuputol	will be cut off
mapuri	mapuri
mapurol	dull
mapusok	impetuous
mapuspos	be overwhelmed
maputi	white
maputik	muddy
maputing	white
maputla	pale
maputlang	pale
maputol	TERMINATED
mapwestuhan	to be put in place
Maquelot	Maquelot
Maquir	Maquir
Mar	Mar
Mara	Immediately
maraanan	passable
marahan	slowly
marahang	gently
marahas	violent
marahil	perhaps
Marala	Don't know.
maralita	poor
maralitang	poor
maramdaman	to feel
maramdamin	sensitive
maramdaming	sensitive
marami	many
Marami 	Many 
maramihang	multiple
maraming	many
maramot	stingy
Marana	Marana
maranasan	experience
Maranatha	Maranatha
marangal	noble
marangya	luxurious
marapa	marapas
marapat	worthy
marapatin	worthy
mararaanan	unlucky
mararagdag	the increase
mararagdagan	mararagdagan
mararahas	violent
mararamdaman	can be felt
mararamot	marramot
mararanasan	to experience
mararangal	noble
mararating	will arrive
maratay	passed
marating	to arrive
maratnan	marathon
maratnang	finds
marayang	maryang
marcabot	marcabot
marchaboth	marchaboth
Marcos	Marcos
Mardocheo	Mordecai
Marduk	Marduk
mareklamo	complain
Mareosah	Dizzinessah
Maresa	March
Maresah	Maresah
Maresha	Maresha
Maresha 	Maresha 
Maria	Maria
Mariam	Mariam
Mariang	Marian
mariin	strongly
Mariing	Strongly
marikit	beautiful
marilag	majestic
marinero	sailor
maringal	majestic
marinig	to hear
marino	marino
maririkit	delightful
maririlag	gorgeous
mariringal	majestic
maririnig	audible
marka	when
marker	marker
marmol	MARBLE
Marot	Marot
Maroth	Maroth
Marsena	Marsena
Marso	March
Marta	Martha
martilyo	hammer
martilyong	hammer
martir	martyr
marubdob	intense
marumi	dirty
marumihan	get dirty
maruming	dirty
maruming 	dirty 
marungis	dirty
marunong	wise
marupok	fragile
marurumi	dirty
marurumihan	dirty
maruruming	dirty
marurunong	wise
mas	but
masa	time
masabat	to be met
masabi	to be able to say
masabihan	to be told
masabihang	to be told
masabing	sayable
masadlak	to stumble
masagana	abundant
masaganang	abundant
masagi	be careful
masagot	be answered
masagutin	answerable
masagwang	rowing
Masah	Masha
masahin	knead
masahol	worse
Masai	Masai
masaid	to be consumed
masakim	greedy
masakit	painful
masaklap	bitter
masakop	to conquer
masaksihan	witness
masaktan	to be hurt
masakyan	ride
Masal	Fairytale
masalakay	masalakay
masalangsang	the problem is getting worse
masalaula	masaula
masalig	trust
masaling	lucky
masalita	talkative
masalitang	babbler
masalot	masalot
masalubong	to meet
masama	bad
masamain	to be evil
masamang	bad
masamaʼy	bad
masambit	to be spoken
masamsam	masamsam
masamyo	fragrant
masamyong	fragrant
masandig	lean on
masang	install
masangkapan	endued
masangkot	get involved
masansala	masansaala
masarap	delicious
masarhan	the burden
masasabi	can be said
masasabing	can be said
masasadlak	will fall
masasaganang	abundant
masasagot	answerable
masasakim	greedy
masasakit	painful
masasakop	will be occupied
masasaksak	will be stabbed
masasaksihan	will be witnessed
masasaktan	will be hurt
masasaktin	sick
masasakupan	subjects
masasakyan	rideable
masasalangsang	infringing
Masasalanta	Disasters
masasalat	scarce
masasalin	translatable
masasalita	can be spoken
masasalok	can be scooped
masasalot	plagued
masasalubong	will be met
masasama	evil
masasamahan	evil
masasamang	bad
masasamsam	plundered
masasamsaman	spoils
masasamyo	fragrant
masasangayon	agreeable
masasangkot	will be involved
masasanib	overlapping
masasansala	will be prevented
masasara	will be closed
masasarap	delicious
masasarhan	will be closed
masasauli	recoverable
masasaulo	memorable
masasaway	reprehensible
masasawi	will die
masasaya	happy
masasayahan	fun
masasayang	happy
masasaysay	history
masauli	retrieve
masaway	blameless
masawi	perish
masawing	fatal
masaya	happy
masayahan	have fun
masayahin	cheerful
masayang	happy
masayod	AWARE
masaysay	inexpressible
masdan	observe
maselan	delicate
maselang	delicate
maseselan	delicate
maseselang	sensitive
Maseya	Table
Mash	Mash
Mashal	Torch
masiba	feathers
masid	watch
masidhi	intense
masidhing	intensely
masigasig	enthusiastic
masigla	lively
masiglang	lively
masiguro	ENSURE
masikap	diligent
masikatan	soak
masikip	crowded
masikmura	stomachache
masilakbong	scorching
masilid	drunk
masilipan	peek
masilo	offense
masilong	snared
masilungan	shelter
masindak	stunned
masinop	prudent
Masinsin	Thorough
masinsing	thorough
masipag	hardworking
masipsip	absorb
masira	to break
masiraan	to be destroyed
masisigla	excited
masisiguro	can be assured
masisikap	diligent
masisila	to be eaten
masisilayan	to be seen
masisilo	to be caught
masisilong	shelter
masisilungan	sheltered
masisindak	terrifying
masisingil	chargeable
masisinsing	meticulous
masisipag	hardworking
masisira	perishable
Masisira 	Damageable 
masisiraan	perishable
masisirang	perishable
masisiyahan	will be satisfied
masisiyahang	happy
masisiyasat	masisiyasat
masiyahan	be satisfied
masiyahin	happy
masiyasat	investigate
maskil	masculine
maso	eye
masok	enter
mason	mason
Masoretic	Masoretic
Masreca	Masreca
Masreka	Masreka
Massa	Mass
Massah	Massah
masubok	be tested
masubukan	be tested
masugatan	vulnerable
masugid	avid
masugo	to send
masuhulan	bribeable
masukal	dense
masukat	measure
masuklian	to retaliate
masulat	be written
masulit	make the most of
masulsulan	to be tempted
masulyapan	glimpse
masumpungan	to be found
masumpungang	found
masundan	to be followed
masunduan	to agree
masungay	horned
masungit	rude
masunod	to follow
masunog	BURN
masunuri	masunouri
masunurin	obedient
masunuring	obedient
masupok	devour
masuri	measure
masusing	thorough
masusubaybayan	traceable
masusubok	testable
masusugatan	vulnerable
masusugatang	vulnerable
masusuhulan	bribeable
masusuka	nauseated
masusukat	measurable
masusuklam	disgusting
masusuklian	reciprocated
Masusukol	Resistable
masusulat	writable
masusulatan	writing pad
masusumpungan	can be found
masusumpungang	can be found
masusunod	followable
masusunod 	followable 
masusunog	flammable
masusuong	milky
masusuot	wearable
masusupok	consumable
masuway	compromise
masuwayin	disobedient
masuya	pall
masyado	too much
masyadong	too
mat	along with
mata	eye
mataas	high
mataba	fat
matabang	fat
matabunan	overwhelm
matador	matador
matagal	long
matagalan	long-term
matagpuan	be found
matagpuang	found
matagumpay	successful
matahak	the eye
matahanan	detention
matahimik	quiet
mataimtim	seriously
matakam	step
matakasan	escape
matakaw	greedy
matakbuhan	to run away
matakluban	overcast
matakot	to be afraid
matakpan	to cover
matakuwil	my eyes
matalas	sharp
matalastas	intelligent
matalian	to be tied
matalik	intimate
matalikdan	from the bottom
matalikuran	back
matalim	sharp
matalimahin	obedient
matalino	smart
matalinong	smart
matalo	lose
matalos	kill them
matamaan	to be hit
mataman	watchful
matamis	sweet
Matamisin	Sweet
matamlay	sluggish
matamo	obtainable
Matan	Women
Matana	Matana
matanaw	view
matanda	old
matandaan	remember
matandang	old
matang	KIND
matangay	carried away
matanggap	be accepted
matanggihan	reject
matangi	tanks
matanglawan	be afraid
Matania	Mattaniah
Matanias	Mattaniah
matanim	sharp
mataningan	eye
matanto	realize
matanyag	offer
matao	cold
mataon	mataon
mataong	crowded
matapakan	to be trampled
matapang	brave
matapat	honest
matapon	spill
matapos	finish
matapunan	overflow
matapus	finished
matarik	steep
matarok	deep
matastas	matasta
Matat	Killed
Matata	Occupation
matataas	tall
matataba	fat
matatabang	fat
matatabil	salespeople
matatabunan	to be covered
matatadtad	chopped
matatag	strong
matatagal	long-lasting
matatagalan	long-lasting
matatago	hidden
matatagong	hidden
matatagpo	will meet
matatagpuan	located
matatagpuang	found
matataguan	to be kept
matatahanan	habitable
matatahimik	quiet
matatakal	measured
matatakan	to be sealed
matatakasan	escapees
matatakaw	thieves
matatakbuhan	can be run
matatakbuhang	runaway
matatakot	will be afraid
matatakpan	covered
matatakutin	fearful
matatakuting	fearful
matatalaga	to be assigned
matatalas	sharp
matatalastas	recognizable
matatali	tied
matatalian	to be tied
matatalik	sexy
matatalim	sharp
matatalino	smart
matatalinong	intelligent
matatalisod	difficult
matatalo	will lose
matatalos	sharp
matatalsikan	will be expelled
matatambak	heaps
Matatambakan	Stacked
matatamis	sweets
matatamlay	sluggish
matatamo	obtainable
matatamong	achievable
matatanaw	visible
matatanda	adults
matatandaan	memorable
matatandang	elderly
matatandaʼy	adults
matatangay	to be carried away
matatanggal	removable
matatanggap	acceptable
matatanggihan	rejectable
matatangkad	tall
matatangnan	to be handled
matatanim	green
matatanyag	famous
matataong	crowded
matatapakan	trampled
matatapang	brave
matatapat	honest
matatapon	will be thrown away
matatapong	outcast
matatapos	will be finished
Matataranta	Panicked
matatarik	steep
matatarok	interesting
matatatag	stable
matatawa	laughable
matatawag	can be called
matatawaran	negotiable
matatawid	crossable
matatayo	our eyes
matatayog	tall
matatayuan	can be built
Matatias	Mattathias
matawag	call
matawid	to cross
matayo	potatoes
matayog	lofty
mataʼy	mataʼy
Matenai	Reservation
Mateo	Mateo
materyal	material
materyales	materials
Mathan	Bear
Mathana	Mathana
Mathania	Mathania
Mathanias	Mathanias
Mathatha	Problems
Mathathias	Mathathias
Mathenai	Mathenai
Mathithias	Mathithias
Mathusalem	matthewsale
Matias	Matias
matibay	strong
matigas	tough
matigil	stop
matigilan	be stunned
matigmak	imbue
matiis	endure
matiisin	patient
matiising	patient
matikman	taste
matikom	matkom
matiktikan	detection
matimbang	heavy
matinag	mobile
matindi	intense
matinding	extreme
mating	mating
matingkad	bright
matingkalang	infinite
matingnan	to be seen
matinik	prickly
matining	sharp
matino	sensible
matipon	gather
matipong	gathered
matipuno	muscular
matira	to remain
matirahan	to live
matirang	to survive
matirhan	to live
matisod	stumble
Matithias	Matithias
Matitia	Matia
Matitia 	Matia 
Matitias	Matitias
matitibag	hard to break
matitibay	strong
matitigan	stare
matitigang	parched
matitigas	hard
matitigib	laden
matitigil	to stop
matitigilan	stunned
matitigmak	very dirty
matitiis	tolerable
matitikman	to be tasted
matitikom	matting
matitilihan	perplexity
matitimbang	can be weighed
matitimbangan	to be weighed
matitinag	shaky
matitinding	intense
matitingnan	viewable
matitinik	prickly
matitipon	gathered
matitipuno	stout
matitira	leftover
matitirahan	habitable
matitirang	remaining
matitirhan	habitable
matitirhang	habitable
matitisod	to stumble
matitiwangwang	matitiwangwang
matitiwasay	secure
matitiyak	sure
matiwangwang	desolate
matiwasay	comfortable
matiyaga	diligent
matiyagang	patiently
matiyak	to be sure
matototohanan	truth
Matred	Matred
Matri	Mother
Mattania	Mattania
Mattanias	Mattaniah
matubig	watery
matubos	redeem
matubos 	redeem 
matugunan	meet
matuklasang	to discover
matukso	be tempted
matulad	be like
matularan	to imitate
matuli	circumcised
matulin	fast
matuling	quick
matulis	sharp
matulog	sleep
matuloy	continue
matulugan	to sleep
matulungan	help
matulungi	calm
matulungin	helpful
matulunging	helpful
matuluy	sleepy
matuluyan	accommodation
matumba	bags
matumpakang	accurate
matunaw	melt
matunghayan	to look at
matungtong	step on
matunog	resound
matupad	come true
matupok	burn
maturingan	sleep
maturuan	to be taught
maturuang	mature
Matusalem	Methuselah
matusok	impale
matustusan	to be supplied
matuto	learn
matutol	stubborn
matutong	learn to
matutubos	redeemable
matutugis	sharp
matutuhan	to learn
matutuhang	learnable
matutuklasan	to be discovered
matutuklaw	will be bitten
matutukso	tempted
matutulad	similar
matutulan	to resist
matutulin	be quick
matutuling	quick
matutulis	sharp
matutulog	to sleep
matutuloy	will continue
matutulugan	sleepy
matutulugin	sleepy
matutulungan	can be helped
matutuluyan	accommodation
matutumbasan	comparable
matutunan	learn
matutunaw	soluble
matutungo	silent
matutungtungan	can be reached
matutunog	sound
matutupad	will be fulfilled
matutupok	consumable
matuturingan	loud
matuturuan	teachable
matuturuang	teachable
matututo	will learn
matututong	will learn
matututop	be taken
matututunan	learnable
matutuwa	will be happy
matutuwid	righteous
matutuyo	dry up
matutuyong	wither
Matutuyot	wither
matutuyuan	dry
matuwa	be happy
matuwid	righteous
matuwid 	righteous 
matuyo	dry
mauban	cloudy
maubos	exhaust
maubusan	run out
mauga	mountain
maugnay	be related
maugoy	maugoy
mauhaw	thirsty
maukol	appertain
maulan	rainy
maulap	cloudy
maulila	orphan
maumaga	plantation
mauna	mountain
maunang	first
maunatan	stretch
maunawa	understand
maunawaan	understand
maunawain	understanding
maunlad	prosperous
maunos	maunos
maupo	sit down
maupong	sit down
maupuan	to sit down
mautas	sharp
mautusan	be ordered
mauubos	will run out
mauubusan	will run out
mauudlot	will be deterred
mauuga	shake
mauuhaw	thirsty
mauukol	appropriate
mauulila	orphan
mauulit	will be repeated
mauulol	go crazy
mauuna	first
mauunang	first
mauunat	stretch
mauunawa	understandable
mauunawaan	understandable
mauunlad	prosperous
mauupo	seated
mauupong	will sit down
mauupos	will be finished
mauupuan	seat
mauusig	music
mauutak	brainy
mauutusan	to be ordered
mauuwi	will go home
mauwi	go home
mawala	disappear
mawalaan	have no
mawalan	lose
mawalang	to lose
mawalay	to separate
mawari	imagine
mawasak	be destroyed
mawawaglit	will be lost
mawawakasan	will end
mawawala	will be lost
mawawalaan	to lose
mawawalan	to lose
mawawalang	will disappear
mawawasak	will be destroyed
mawili	two
may	may
maya	maya
mayabang	arrogant
mayabong	fertile
mayama	rich
mayaman	rich
mayamang	rich
mayamo	maya
mayamong	rich
mayamot	boring
mayanig	shake
mayapakan	mayapakan
mayari	owner
mayayabang	arrogant
mayayabong	prosperous
mayayaman	rich
mayayamang	wealthy
mayayamot	annoying
mayayanig	will shake
mayayapakan	trampled
mayayari	possible
mayaʼy	mayaʼy
maybahay	housewife
mayim	mayim
Maykapal	Almighty
maykapangyarihan	powerful
maykaya	wealthy
Maylalang	Creator
maylikha	creator
Mayo	Mayo
mayor	mayor
mayordomo	butler
mayro	there is
mayroon	have
mayroong	there is
maysabi	someone said
maysabing	say
maysakit	sick
maysala	guilty
maʼy	maʼy
Mc	Mc
Mcb	Mcb
Me	Me
Meah	Meah
meal	meal
Meara	Meara
Mebunai	Buildings
Mecherathita	Mecherathita
Mechiram	Mechiram
Mechona	Mechona
Mecona	Mecona
Medad	Medad
medalya	medal
medalyang	medal
Medan	While
Medeba	Medeba
Medes	Medes
Mediteraneo	Mediterranean
Medo	Fear
medyo	quite a bit
Meetabel	Measurement table
Mefaat	Mischief
Mefibaal	Mephibosheth
Mefiboset	Mephibosheth
Megiddo	Megiddo
Megido	Megido
Mehara	Thank you.
Mehebel	Furniture
Mehetabeel	Mehetabeel
Mehetabel	Mehetabel
Mehida	Mehida
Mehir	Dower
mehola	mehola
Meholat	Meholat
Meholatita	Meholatita
Mehujael	Juice ice
mehula	mehula
Mehuman	Mehuman
Mekerat	Mekerat
mela	mela
Melatia	Jasmine
Melatias	Jasmine
Melchi	Melchi
Melchias	Melchias
Melchisedech	Melchizedek
Melchisua	Melchisua
Melea	Meleia
melec	melec
melech	melech
Melicha	Melicha
Melita	Melita
Melki	Melki
Melkizedek	Melchizedek
melon	melon
Melqui	Melqui
Melquisedec	Melchizedek
Melquisua	Melchisua
Mem	Mem
Memfis	Memphis
Memphis	Memphis
Memucan	Memucan
Mena	If
Menahem	Menahem
Mene	Me
Meni	Menu
Menna	Menna
mensahe	message
mensaheng	message
mensahero	messenger
mensaherong	messenger
Menuho	Menu
meon	mood
Meonenim	Meonenim
Meonotai	Meonotai
Mephaat	Mephaat
Mephaath	Mephaath
Mephiboseth	Mephibosheth
Mequera	Mequera
Merab	Merab
merac	ascension
Meraias	Meraias
Meraiot	Meraiot
Meraioth	Meraioth
Merala	Measured
Merari	Merari
Merari 	Merari 
Merarita	Merarita
Merataim	Merataim
Merathaim	Merathaim
Meraya	Meraya
Merayot	Merayot
Mercurio	Mercury
Mered	Steady
Meremot	Meremot
Meremoth	Meremoth
Meres	At sea
Merib	Sea
Meriba	Meriba
Meribah	Meribah
Meribat	Meribat
Meribot	strife
merodac	merodac
merodach	merodach
Merodachbaladan	From Merodachbala
Merom	Merom
meron	there is
Meronot	Meronoth
Meronothita	Meronothite
Meroz	Meroz
mesa	mesa
Mesach	Mesach
Mesalemeth	Mesalemeth
mesang	table
Mesapotamia	Mesopotamia
Mesec	Month
Mesech	Meshech
Meselemia	Meselemia
Meselemias	Meshelemias
Mesezabeel	Mesezabeel
Mesezabel	Mesezabel
Mesha	Mesha
Meshac	Meshac
Meshec	Meshec
Meshech	Meshech
Meshelemia	Meshelemiah
Meshezabel	Meshezabel
Meshilemit	Meshillem
Meshilemot	Meshilemot
Meshobab	Meshobab
Meshulam	Meshullam
Mesias	Messiah
Mesilemit	Mesilemite
Mesilemot	Mesilemot
Mesillemith	Mesillemith
Mesillemot	Mesillemot
Mesillemoth	Mesillemoth
mesiyas	messiah
Mesobab	Mesobab
Mesobiata	Mesobiata
Mesopotamia	Mesopotamia
Mesulam	embroidery
Mesulemet	Meshulemeth
Mesullam	Meshullam
metal	metal
Meteg	Metal
Methanias	Methanias
Metheg	Metheg
Metofat	Metofat
Metridat	Metridat
metro	metro
metrong	meter
Metusael	Metusael
Metusela	Methuselah
Meuneo	Meuneo
Meunim	Meunim
Meunita	Meunita
Mezaab	Mezaab
Mezahab	Mezahab
Mezoba	I will be there.
mga	those
mga 	those 
mgasambahan	churches
mgataong	people
Miamim	Miamim
Miamin	Miami
mias	rice
Mibhar	translations mibhar
Mibsam	Mibsam
Mibsan	Mibsam
Mibzar	Mibzar
Mica	Mica
Micael	Michael
Micaias	Micaiah
Mical	Michal
Micas	Micas
Micaya	Micah
micha	micha
Michael	Michael
Michaia	Michaia
Michaias	Michaias
Michal	Michael
Michas	Micah
Micheas	Micaiah
Michmas	Michmas
Michmetat	Michmetat
Michri	Michri
Miclot	Miclot
Micloth	Micloth
Micmas	Micmas
Micmash	Micmash
Micmetat	Micmetat
Micneias	Micneias
Micnias	Micnias
Micri	Micro
Micron	Micron
Middin	Middin
Midiam	Half
Midian	Midian
Midianita	Midianites
Midianitang	Midianitang
Midin	Midin
Migdal	Almond
Migdalel	Almond
Migdalgad	Migdalgad
Migdol	Migdol
Migron	Migron
Miguel	Miguel
Mijamin	The Mijamin
mijo	mijo
Mik	What
Mikaias	Micaiah
Mikas	Mick
Miklot	Miklot
Mikneya	Mikneia
miktam	mixed
Milai	Value
Milalai	Good morning
milano	Milan
Milca	Milka
Milcha	Milcha
Milcom	Milcom
Mileto	Miletus
Miletus	Miletus
militar	military
Milka	Milka
milled	milled
Millo	Corn
milon	milon
milya	billion
milyang	mile
milyon	million
milyong	million
milyun	million
miminahin	myname
miminsan	once
miminsang	opposed
mina	mine
minabuti	improved
minadali	hurried
minagaling	good
minagandang	beautiful
minahal	loved
minahan	mine
minaliit	underestimated
minamabuti	good
minamagaling	well-groomed
minamahal	beloved
minamalas	unfortunate
minamaliit	underestimated
minamana	hereditary
minamanang	inherited
minamanas	minamanas
Minamanmanan	Monitored
minamarapat	deserved
minamasa	enjoyed
minamasama	being hated
minamasang	kneaded
minamasdan	observed
minamatuwid	justified
minamatyagan	under observation
minana	inherited
minanang	inherited
minang	Minang
minanmanan	watched
minarapat	deserved
minartilyo	minartily
minasa	mashed
minasama	hated
minasang	mashed
minasdan	watched
minataas	Gilead
Minatyagan	Initially
ming	ming
Mini	Mini
Miniamin	Miniamin
minimithi	aspire
minimithing	desired
ministerio	ministry
ministeriong	ministeriong
ministro	minister
Minit	Minute
Minith	Minnith
minithi	Ideally
Minmi	Minmi
Minnith	Minnith
minsa	sometimes
minsan	sometimes
minsanan	all at once
minsanang	once
minsang	once
minsaʼy	minsaʼy
mintis	thought
minulang	begun
minumungkahi	suggested
Minumunting	Small
minumura	cursed
minumutya	mocked
minungkahi	suggested
minura	cursed
Minyamin	Minyamin
Miqueas	Micah
mira	mira
Miriam	Miriam
Mirma	Mirma
mirra	myrrh
mirto	myrtle
Misabib	Misabib
Misael	Misael
Misal	Example
Misam	Misam
Miseal	Miseal
miserableng	miserable
Misgab	Misgab
Mishael	Mishael
Mishal	Mishal
Mishma	Mishma
Mishmana	Mishmana
Mishpat	Mishpat
Misia	Missed
Misma	Same
Mismana	Mismana
mismo	same
mismong	itself
mismoʼy	same'and
Mispar	Mispar
Misperet	Mistrust
Misraim	Misraim
Misraita	Misrati
Misraiteo	Misraiteo
Misrefot	Misfortune
Misrephoth	Misrephoth
mistulang	seemingly
misyon	mission
Misyonero	Missionary
misyong	mission
Mitan	Middle
Mitca	Mithcah
Mithca	Mithca
Mithnita	Mithnita
Mitilene	Mytilene
Mitna	Dead
mitra	mitra
Mitredat	Co-editor
Mitridates	Mithridates
mitsa	wick
miyembro	member
Miza	Table
Mizar	Carpenter
Mizhar	Mizhar
mizpa	Miz'pah
Mizpa 	Mizpah 
Mizpah	Mizpah
Mizpe	Mizpah
mizraim	mizraim
Mizza	Mizz
Mnason	Mnason
mo	for
mo 	for 
moab	moab
Moabita	Moabite
Moabitang	Moabite
Moadia	Moadia
Moadias	Moadias
Moises	MOSES
mola	lord
Molada	Molada
Moladah	Moladah
molang	just
Molathita	Molathite
molde	mold
moldeng	moldeng
Molec	Molec
Molechet	Molech
Molib	Molib
Molid	SPRUCE
Moloc	Moloch
Moloch	Moloch
mondragora	mondrago
mondragorang	mondragorang
mong	you
monumento	monument
moog	moog
morado	purple
Moral	Moral
morales	morales
Morastita	Morastita
Mordecai	Mordecai
Moreh	Moreh
Moreset	Moreset
Moresethgath	Moresethgath
Moreshet	Moreshet
Moria	Moria
morning	morning
mortal	mortal
Mosa	Kindness
mosaik	mosaic
Mosera	Mosera
Moserot	Moserot
Moseroth	Moseroth
mostasa	mustard seed
mother	mother
motibo	motive
Moza	Girl
moʼt	moʼt
moʼy	moʼy
Mt	Mt
muang	muang
muhi	flies
muhing	muhing
muhon	hill
mukha	face
mukhaan	face to face
mukhaang	drunk
mukhang	looks like
mukhaʼy	mukhaʼy
mula	from
mula 	from 
mulang	bone
muldurang	the most beautiful
mule	mule
muli	again
Muli 	Again 
muling	again
multa	MORE
multo	much
mumo	crumb
mumong	in the morning
mumunti	a little
mumunting	little by little
mumurahin	cheapen
mumurahing	cheap
muna	first
munang	first
mundo	world
mundo 	world 
mundong	world
mundoʼy	try
mungkahi	suggestion
mungkahiin	provoke
mungkahing	suggestion
muniin	to eggs
munti	mountains
muntik	almost
munting	little
muog	fortress
Mupim	Mupim
Muppim	Muppim
mura	unless
murado	walled
murang	cheap
Mushi	Mushi
Musi	Has to
musika	music
musikero	musician
musikerong	musician
musiko	musician
Musita	Musita
musmos	naive
Musri	Musri
mustasa	mustard
Muth	Muth
muwang	naive
Muzur	Dirty
Myra	Myra
Mysia	Mysia
n	n
na	that
na 	that 
naaabot	reachable
naaagaw	snatched
naaagnas	decomposable
naaakit	attracted
naaalaala	remembered
naaalala	remembers
Naaalala 	Remembering 
naaalaman	known
naaalipin	enslaved
naaalis	removable
naaaliw	entertained
naaamoy	smelly
naaangkop	appropriate
naaani	harvestable
naaaninaw	visible
naaano	what's up
naaantala	delayed
naaanyong	in shape
naaapi	oppressed
naaararo	plowable
naaawa	pitiful
naaawat	avoidable
naaayon	accordingly
naaayos	fixable
naabot	EXTENT
naabutan	caught up
naagas	spilled
naagaw	stolen
naagaw 	stolen 
naahitan	nahitan
naakit	attracted
naakyat	climbed
naalaala	remembered
naalaalang	remembered
naalagaan	taken care of
Naalal	Remembered
naalala	remembered
naalalang	remembered
naalalayan	supported
naalaman	found out
naalipin	enslaved
naalis	removed
naaliw	entertained
Naalol	Naalol
Naam	Name
Naama	Face
Naaman	Naaman
Naamang	speechless
Naamanita	Naamanites
Naamathita	Faceless
Naamatita	Naamathite
Naamita	Naamita
naamoy	smelled
naampat	flow
naangkin	claimed
naani	with whom
naanihan	harvest
naano	how are you
naanod	drifted
naantala	delayed
naanyayahan	invited
naanyayahang	invited
naanyo	aunt
naapektuhan	affected
Naara	Accepted
Naarai	Naarai
Naaran	Naaram
naas	naas
Naason	Naason
naatasan	assigned
naawa	pity
naawat	received
naayon	accordingly
naayos	fixed
nabaak	after work
nababa	with father
nabababa	descending
nababagabag	troubled
nababagay	suitable
nababagbag	troubled
nababago	changeable
nababagong	renewable
Nababagot	Bored
nababagsak	collapsing
nababahagi	divisible
nababahaginan	shared
nababahala	worried
nababahiran	stained
nababahuan	conscious
nababakas	detachable
nababakod	fenced
nababakuran	fenced
nababali	breakable
nababalisa	anxious
nababalisang	anxious
nababalita	newsworthy
nababalitaan	rumored
nababalitaang	rumored
nababaliw	going crazy
nababalot	wrapped
nababaluktot	flexible
nababalutan	covered
nababanaagan	visible
nababang	down
nababanggit	mentioned
nababaog	fail
nababaon	buried
nababasa	readable
nababasag	breakable
nababatay	based on
nababatid	aware
nababautismuhan	baptized
nababawasan	decreasing
nababayaran	payable
nabagabag	troubled
nabagbag	wrecked
nabago	changed
nabago 	changed 
nabagsak	collapsed
nabagsakan	fell down
nabaha	flooded
nabahagi	divided
nabahala	worried
nabahiran	stained
Nabaiot	I am Nabaiot.
Nabaioth	Nabaioth
Nabajot	Nabajot
Nabal	naval
nabalda	disabled
nabali	broken
nabalian	broken
nabaliang	lame
nabaligtad	upside down
nabalik	returned
nabaling	turned
nabalisa	upset
nabalita	heard
nabalitaan	heard about
nabalitaang	heard that
nabalo	widowed
nabalot	wrapped
nabanggit	mentioned
nabansag	sounded
nabantog	noted
nabao	nabao
nabasa	read
nabasag	broken
nabasang	read
nabasbasan	blessed
Nabat	Nabat
nabata	accept
nabatid	realized
nabautismuhan	baptized
nabawahan	contaminated
nabawas	reduced
nabawasan	reduced
nabawi	prophetic
Nabawing	Recovered
nabayad	paid
nabayaran	paid
nabebendahan	for sale
nabibigatan	burdened
nabibigatang	burdened
nabibigkisan	girded
nabibigo	failing
nabibigyan	given
nabibihag	captive
nabibihisan	getting dressed
nabibilad	exposed
nabibilang	belongs to
nabibilanggo	imprisoned
nabibili	available for purchase
nabibilot	wrapped up
nabibingit	on the verge
nabibitin	hanging
nabibiyak	breaking
nabigatan	burdened
nabigay	given
nabighani	fascinated
nabigkas	pronounced
nabigla	shocked
nabigo	failed
nabigyan	granted
nabihag	captured
nabihisan	nabihisan
nabiktima	victimized
nabilang	counted
nabilanggo	imprisoned
nabili	sold
nabingit	on the verge
nabingwit	hooked
nabitag	trapped
Nabitak	Cracked
nabitawan	released
nabitawang	released
nabithay	nabithay
nabitin	hanged
nabiyak	split
nabiyuda	widowed
Nabosesan	Voiced
Nabot	Naboth
Naboth	Naboth
nabubo	shed
nabububo	pouring
nabubuhay	living
nabubuhos	pouring
nabubukid	cultivated
nabubuksan	openable
nabubulaanan	being lied to
Nabubulagan	Blinded
nabubulagta	confused
nabubulok	rotting
nabubungkal	being cultivated
nabubunton	piled up
nabubunyag	revealed
Nabubunyi	Exalted
nabubuo	developing
nabuburdahan	embroidered
nabubusog	full
nabubuwal	drowning
Nabucodonosor	Nebuchadnezzar
nabugbog	beaten
nabugso	kindled
nabuhay	lived
nabuhayan	revived
nabuhos	poured
nabuka	opened
nabuksan	OPENS
nabulabog	confused
nabulag	blinded
nabulagta	fell full length
nabulid	fallen
nabulok	rotten
nabulusok	cast
nabungi	and abundantly
nabunot	pulled out
nabuntis	got pregnant
nabunton	piled up
nabunyi	famous
nabuo	formed
Nabusazban	Nabusazban
nabusog	full
nabuwal	fallen
nabuyo	loaded
Nabuzaradan	They have been confused
Nachon	Nachon
Nachor	Nahor
Nacon	Nacon
Nacor	Nacor
nadaanan	passed by
Nadab	Nadab
Nadad	Nadad
nadadaanan	passing through
nadadagdagan	increasing
nadadaig	overcome
nadadala	carried
nadadalamhati	distressed
nadadalang	pregnant
nadadamay	involved
nadadamitan	clothed
nadadapa	stumble
nadadaya	being deceived
nadaganan	overtaken
nadagdag	added
nadagdagan	increased
nadaig	defeated
nadakip	arrested
nadala	brought
nadalang	brought
nadalanginan	entreated
nadalisay	nadalisay
nadama	felt
nadamay	involved
nadampian	touched
nadapa	fell down
nadaragdagan	increasing
nadarama	felt
nadaramang	felt
nadaramitan	clothed
nadaramtan	clothed
nadaranas	experienced
nadarang	blocked
nadarapa	stumble
nadatnan	found
nadaya	deceived
nadayang	deceived
nadidikit	sticky
nadidikitan	sticky
nadidilig	being watered
nadidiligan	watered
Nadidiligang	Waterable
nadidiliman	darkened
nadikdik	crushed
nadikit	touched
nadilat	nadilat
nadilig	watered
nadiligan	watered
nadiliman	eclipsed
nadudulas	slipping
nadudumi	dirty
nadudurog	crushing
naduduwag	cowardly
nadulas	slipped
nadumhan	anandham
nadumihan	soiled
nadungawan	overlooked
nadungisan	soiled
nadurog	crushed
naduwag	cowardly
naeengganyo	tempting
Nafat	Nafta
Nafis	Elegant
Nafiseo	Nafiseo
Naftali	Naphtali
Naftu	The soul
Naftuh	Naftuh
Naftuhim	Naphtuhim
nag	did
nagaabang	waiting
nagaakala	nagakal
nagaakalang	ready
nagaalab	burning
nagaalaga	caring
nagaalinlangan	hesitant
nagaalipustaan	wrong one
nagaalis	removing
nagaampon	alone
nagaani	reaping
nagaantakan	threatening
nagaanyo	forever
nagaapoy	on fire
nagaapuhap	gropeth
nagaaral	studying
nagaararo	plowing
nagaari	nagari
nagaaring	becomes
nagaasawa	we are
nagaaway	fighting
nagaawitan	singing
nagaayos	arranging
nagaayuno	fasted
nagabala	is crying
nagadya	preserved
nagagalak	happy
nagagalaw	moving
nagagalit	angry
nagagamit	usable
nagagamot	treatable
nagaganap	happening
nagagapos	bound
nagagawa	can be done
nagagawang	able to
nagagawi	walking
nagagayakan	decorated
nagagayakang	adorning
nagahit	shaved
nagahon	brought
Nagai	Nagai
nagakala	intended
nagakalang	Who have
nagalab	Up
nagalaga	caring
nagalak	rejoiced
nagalaw	moved
nagalay	as expected
nagalinglangan	doubt
nagalinlangan	waver
nagalis	slipped away
nagalit	angry
nagaliw	comforted
nagalusan	worn out
nagamit	used
nagamoy	smelled
nagampanan	performed
naganak	parents
naganap	occurred
naganyaya	Nagan
naganyo	your name
naganyong	stormy
nagapas	bears
nagapasan	reaped
nagapat	separated
nagapi	defeated
nagapos	tied up
nagaral	studied
nagari	village
nagaring	nagaring
nagasal	behaved
nagasawa	married
nagastos	spent
nagatang	bought
nagatubili	lightness
nagawa	done
nagawan	done
nagawang	managed
nagaway	done
nagawitang	sang
nagaya	peacefully
nagayakan	decked
nagayos	arranged
nagayuno	he fasted
nagayunong	fasting
nagbaba	lowered
Nagbabaan	Descending
nagbababa	descending
nagbababad	soaking
nagbababag	changing
nagbababala	warning
nagbabad	soak
nagbabadya	foreshadowing
nagbabag	blocks
nagbabaga	smoldering
nagbabagang	burning
nagbabago	changing
nagbabagong	changing
nagbabagsak	collapsing
nagbabagsakan	falling
nagbabahagi	sharing
nagbabala	warning
nagbabalak	planning
nagbabalat	peeling
nagbabalik	returning
nagbabalita	announcing
nagbabalitang	announcing
nagbabalot	enveloping
Nagbabanal	Sanctifying
nagbabanat	stretching
nagbabangbang	breaking
nagbabangon	rising
nagbabanta	threatening
nagbabantang	threatening
nagbabantay	guarding
nagbabaon	bury
nagbabasa	reading
nagbabata	enduring
nagbabautismo	baptizing
nagbabawal	prohibits
nagbabawas	reducing
nagbabayad	paying
nagbadya	made a statement
nagbago	changed
nagbagong	changed
nagbagsak	collapsed
nagbagsakan	collapsed
nagbahagi	shared
nagbahing	sneezed
Nagbakasakali	Taking risks
nagbala	threats
nagbalak	planned
nagbalat	skin
nagbalatkayo	disguised
nagbalewala	ignored
nagbalik	returned
nagbalikan	returned
nagbalita	reported
nagbalitaan	heard news
nagbaliw	changed
nagbalot	wrapped
nagbanat	these hands
nagbangon	rose
nagbangong	rose
nagbanta	threatened
nagbantay	watching
nagbaon	buried
nagbasa	read
nagbasbas	blessed
nagbata	endured
nagbautismo	baptized
nagbayad	PAY
nagbebenta	seller
nagbenta	sold
nagbibigay	gives
nagbibigayan	to give
nagbibigkis	binding
nagbibihis	getting dressed
nagbibili	buyer
nagbibingi	deaf
nagbibintang	accusing
nagbibiro	joking
nagbibitin	hanging
nagbibiyahe	traveling
nagbigay	gave
nagbigayan	gave
nagbigkas	pronounced
nagbigkis	tied
nagbigti	hanged
nagbihis	dressed
nagbilad	exposed
nagbilanggo	imprisoned
nagbili	bought
nagbilin	LEFT
nagbingi	deaf
nagbintang	Claiming
nagbitbit	sports
nagbiyahe	traveling
nagbubo	shed
nagbubong	roofing
nagbububo	pouring
nagbububos	spending
nagbububula	bubbling
nagbubugso	gusting
nagbubuhat	carrying
nagbubuhos	pouring
nagbubuka	opening
nagbubukang	opening
nagbubukas	opens
nagbubukid	farmer
nagbubuklod	binding
nagbubuko	budding
nagbubulag	blinding
nagbubulay	meditating
nagbubulaybulay	meditating
nagbubulong	whispering
nagbubulongbulungan	murmuring
nagbubulung	murmuring
nagbubulungan	whispering
nagbubunga	fruitful
nagbubungang	fruitful
nagbubungkal	tilling
nagbubuno	wrestler
nagbubuntis	pregnant
nagbubunton	piling up
nagbubuntong	stacking
nagbubunyag	revealing
nagbubunyi	rejoicing
nagbubuwis	taxpayer
nagbuga	cast
nagbugtong	propounded
nagbuhat	CREATED
nagbuhos	poured
nagbuka	opened
nagbukas	opened
nagbukid	workers
nagbukod	excluded
nagbulaan	false
nagbulay	meditate
nagbulid	caused
nagbulongbulungan	murmured
nagbulung	murmured
Nagbulungan	Whispered
nagbunga	yielded fruit
nagbunot	pulled out
nagbuntis	pregnant
nagbunton	heaped
nagbuntong	pregnant
nagbuntonghininga	longed
Nagbunuan	Wrestled
nagbunyag	revealed
nagbuo	formed
nagbuwis	taxed
nagdaan	passed by
nagdaang	past
nagdadaan	passing by
nagdadaang	passing by
nagdadadaldal	babbling
nagdadagdag	adding
nagdadaingan	crying out
nagdadala	carrying
nagdadalamhati	grieving
nagdadalamhating	grieving
nagdadalang	pregnant
nagdadalangtao	pregnant
nagdadalawang	hesitant
nagdadalisay	purifying
nagdadamdam	grieving
nagdadamit	getting dressed
nagdadaos	holding
nagdadaya	cheating
nagdadayaan	cheating
nagdagdag	added
nagdahilan	excused
nagdahop	poor
nagdala	brought
nagdalamhati	grieved
nagdalamhating	sad
nagdalang	pregnant
nagdalangtao	pregnant
nagdalawang	twice
nagdamdam	felt sad
nagdamit	dressed
Nagdamit 	Dressed 
nagdanas	suffered
nagdaos	held
nagdaraan	passing by
nagdaraang	passing by
nagdaragdag	adds
nagdaramdam	painful
nagdaramit	dressing
nagdaranas	suffering
nagdaraos	holding
nagdaraya	cheating
nagdatingan	arrived
nagdaya	beguiled
nagdedemanda	suing
nagdedemandahan	suing
nagdedesisyon	deciding
nagdesisyon	decided
nagdidikit	sticking
nagdidili	drooling
nagdidilig	watering
nagdidilim	getting dark
nagdidisiplina	disciplining
nagdidiwang	celebrating
nagdigmaan	warred
nagdilig	watered
nagdilim	it got dark
nagdiriwang	celebrating
nagdiwang	celebrated
nagduda	suspected
nagdududa	doubtful
nagdudugtong	connecting
nagdudulot	causing
nagdudumali	in a hurry
nagdulot	caused
nagdumali	feverish
nagdurugo	bleeding
nagdurugtong	connecting
nagdurusa	suffering
nagdurusang	suffering
nagdusa	suffered
Nage	Nage
naggagala	wandering
naggagalang	respectful
naggagandahan	beautiful
naggagandahang	beautiful
naggagawad	awarding
naggagayak	decorating
naggala	wandered
naggawa	worked
naggawad	awarded
naggayak	ornaments
naggigiik	threshing
naggigiling	grinding
naggugupit	shearing
nagguhit	drew
naggupit	cut
naghabilin	advised
naghabol	chased
naghagis	threw
naghahabi	weaving
naghahabol	pursuer
naghahabulan	chasing
naghahagilap	searching
naghahagis	throwing
naghahain	serving
naghahakot	hauling
naghahalungkat	rummaging
naghahambog	boastful
naghahanap	looking for
naghahanapbuhay	working for a living
naghahanda	preparing
Naghahandang	Preparing
naghahandog	offering
naghahangad	aspiring
naghahapunan	having dinner
naghaharap	presenting
naghahari	reigning
naghaharing	ruling
naghahasik	sowing
naghahati	dividing
naghahatid	delivering
naghahatol	judging
naghahatulan	judging
naghahayag	revealing
naghain	offered
naghaka	devised
naghalal	elected
naghalang	blocked
naghalikan	kissed
naghalo	mixed
naghambalang	lined
naghambog	presumptuously
naghanap	searched
naghanda	prepared
naghandog	offered
naghangad	desired
naghapunan	had dinner
nagharap	presented
nagharapharapan	nagharapharapan
naghari	Reigning KING
nagharing	ruling
naghasik	sowed
naghati	divided
naghatid	delivered
naghawakan	opponent
naghayag	announced
naghiganti	avenged
naghihiganti	vengeful
naghihikahos	poor
naghihimagsik	rebelling
naghihinagpis	grieving
naghihinala	suspicious
naghihinanakit	resentful
naghihingalo	dying
naghihingalong	dying
naghihintay	waiting
naghihintayan	waiting for
naghihirap	suffering
naghihiwa	cutting
naghihiwalay	separating
naghihiyaw	shouting
naghihiyawan	screaming
naghihiyawang	screaming
naghikayat	encouraged
naghilamos	washed
naghilom	silent
naghimagsik	rebelled
naghinagpis	lamented
naghinala	suspected
naghinanakit	displeased
naghintay	waited
naghinugong	noise
naghirang	appointed
naghirap	suffered
naghiwalay	separated
naghiyawan	screamed
naghubad	undressed
naghugas	washed
naghugis	shaped
naghuhubad	undressing
naghuhugas	washing
naghuhugis	shaping
naghuhulog	dropping
naghukay	dug
naghukom	judged
Naghulma	shape
naghulog	Someone
naghusay	Conducted
nagiba	tilt
nagibang	ruins
nagibig	tilt
nagibigan	inclined
nagigiba	falling apart
nagigibang	falling apart
nagiging	becoming
nagiginhawahan	refreshing
nagigipit	in distress
nagigising	waking up
nagigitla	surprised
nagihaw	roasted
nagiiba	different
nagiibig	in love
nagiihaw	roasteth
nagiimbak	nagiimbak
nagiimbot	He covets
nagiimpok	saving
nagiinalong	waving
nagiingat	careful
nagiinit	getting hot
nagiinom	drinking
nagiinuman	drinking
nagiisa	alone
nagiisang	alone
nagiisip	thinking
nagiiwan	leaving
nagiiyakan	cried
nagilaw	light where
Nagimbal	Shocked
naging	became
nagingat	careful
naginhawahan	refreshed
naginit	got hot
naginuman	drunk
nagipit	stuck
nagisang	united
nagising	woke up
nagisip	thought
nagitla	shocked
nagiwan	left behind
nagiyak	wept
nagiyakan	wept
nagka	got
nagkaamag	moldy
nagkaanak	gave birth
nagkaapo	grandchild
nagkaasawa	married
nagkaawanggawa	showed mercy
nagkabahabahagi	divided
nagkabali	broken
nagkabatik	spotted
nagkabit	connected
nagkabitak	cracked
nagkabuko	got confused
nagkabukol	boils
nagkabuntonbunton	heaps
nagkabutil	grainy
nagkadalawa	twain
nagkadigma	there falleth
nagkadugo	blood
nagkadurug	together
nagkaganoon	it happened like that
nagkaganyan	it happened like that
nagkagayo	so it happened
nagkagayon	so it happened
nagkagulo	there was a mess
nagkagunaw	flood
nagkagusto	liked
nagkagutom	famine
nagkahalaga	became valuable
nagkahapon	evening
nagkahati	neatly
nagkahiwa	split
Nagkahiwalay	Separated
nagkaiisang	altogether
nagkaila	denied
nagkainan	ate
nagkaingay	there was some commotion
nagkaisa	united
nagkaisang	united
nagkait	denied
nagkakaamag	moldy
nagkakaanak	having children
nagkakabahabahagi	divided
nagkakabahagi	sharing
nagkakabinhi	insemination
Nagkakabisa	Effective
nagkakabit	connecting
nagkakabubuan	getting together
nagkakabuklod	unites
nagkakabunga	fruitful
nagkakadagisdisan	getting into trouble
nagkakadahon	leafy
nagkakadaitan	making peace
nagkakadaiti	getting along
Nagkakadikit	Sticking together
nagkakagalit	getting angry
nagkakaganoon	it happens like that
nagkakagatan	biting
nagkakagulo	in a mess
nagkakagulong	rioting
nagkakagutom	hungry
nagkakahalaga	worth
nagkakaharap	facing each other
nagkakaharapan	face to face
nagkakahati	divided
nagkakahiwalay	separating
nagkakahiyaan	embarrassed
nagkakaibaiba	different
nagkakailangan	needy
nagkakainan	eating
nagkakaingay	noisy
nagkakaintindihan	understand each other
nagkakaisa	united
nagkakaisang	united
nagkakait	denying
nagkakalaban	fighting
nagkakalakip	together
nagkakalat	spreading
nagkakaligaw	getting lost
nagkakaloob	providing
nagkakamal	gathering
nagkakamali	making a mistake
Nagkakamatay	Fatal
nagkakamit	achieving
nagkakampi	allied
nagkakampo	camping
nagkakandarapa	stumbling
nagkakandili	fostering
nagkakanggigitil	shivering
nagkakanlong	taking shelter
nagkakanulo	betraying
nagkakanya	having fun
nagkakapitan	clinging
nagkakapuri	boasting
nagkakarga	loading
nagkakaroon	having
nagkakasakit	getting sick
nagkakasala	guilty
nagkakasala 	guilty 
nagkakasalang	guilty
nagkakasalubong	meeting
nagkakasanga	branching
nagkakasayahan	having fun
nagkakasiksikan	crowded
nagkakastahan	living together
nagkakasugat	getting injured
nagkakasugpong	conjoined
nagkakasugpongan	intersecting
nagkakasundo	agreeable
nagkakatapakan	stepping on each other
nagkakatapat	being honest
nagkakatas	juicing
nagkakatay	butcher
nagkakatipon	gathering
nagkakatipong	gathering
nagkakatipun	gathering
nagkakatiwala	trusting
nagkakatotoo	coming true
nagkakatuwa	having fun
nagkakatuwaan	having fun
nagkakaugat	taking root
nagkakaugnay	related
nagkakaumpugan	competing
nagkakautang	in debt
nagkakawatak	falling apart
nagkakayapakan	trample
nagkakaykay	raking
nagkaketong	leprosy
nagkakuto	got lice
nagkalag	freed
nagkalakiplakip	wreathed
nagkalamat	broken
nagkalapit	got closer
nagkalat	scattered
nagkaligaw	aberrant
nagkalinsad	dislocated
nagkaloob	donated
nagkaluray	torn
nagkalyo	got angry
nagkamal	gathered
nagkamali	made a mistake
nagkamalig	gathered
nagkamatay	died
nagkamatayan	died
nagkamit	gained
nagkampihan	sided
nagkampo	camp
nagkampupunit	torn apart
Nagkamustahan	Hello.
nagkandasuray	staggering
nagkanulo	betrayed
nagkanya	he/she/it
nagkapalad	lucky
nagkapangalan	had a
nagkapangkatpangkat	been beaten down
nagkapisan	gathered
nagkaputolputol	pieces
nagkaroon	had
nagkaroong	there was
nagkasakit	got sick
nagkasala	guilty
nagkasalang	guilty
nagkasalaʼy	guilty
nagkasalot	plague
Nagkasalubong	Encountered
nagkasama	together
nagkasayahan	orgy
nagkasibol	sprouted
nagkasira	broken
nagkasugat	injured
nagkasundo	agreed
nagkasundong	agreed
nagkataon	coincidentally
nagkataong	coincidentally
nagkatawang	incarnate
nagkatay	spreading
Nagkatinginan	Looking at each other
nagkatipon	gathered
nagkatiwala	entrusted
nagkatotoo	came true
nagkaumaga	morning
nagkaumpugan	smote
nagkautang	in debt
nagkauugat	taking root
nagkawakas	endeth
nagkawaraywaray	broken to pieces
nagkawatak	disintegrated
nagkikimkim	sheltering
nagkikita	meeting
nagkilo	moved
nagkimkim	harbor
nagkita	met
nagkubli	hid
nagkukubli	hiding
nagkukulang	lacking
nagkukulong	imprisoned
nagkukunwa	pretending
nagkukunwang	disguised
nagkukunwari	pretending
nagkukunwaring	pretending
nagkukuta	fortifying
nagkukwentuhan	chatting
nagkulang	missing
nagkulay	colored
nagkulong	locked up
nagkumustahan	hello
nagkunwari	pretended
nagkunwaring	pretended
nagkupkop	entertained
nagkusang	volunteered
nagkuta	encamp
nagkwento	told a story
naglaan	provided
naglaba	washed
naglaban	fought
naglabas	released
naglabas 	released 
naglabasan	came out
naglabasang	released
naglabis	left over
nagladlad	unfolded
naglagablab	flames
naglagak	deposited
naglagay	placed
naglagda	signed
naglagpak	didst
naglahad	presented
naglaho	disappeared
naglahong	disappeared
naglakad	walked
naglakas	strengthened
naglakbay	traveled
naglalaan	providing
naglalaba	doing laundry
naglalaban	fighting
naglalabas	releasing
naglalabasan	coming out
naglaladlad	unfolding
naglalagablab	blazing
naglalagak	laying
naglalagay	puts
naglalagos	penetrating
naglalagpak	falling
naglalaho	disappearing
naglalakad	walking
naglalakas	getting stronger
naglalakbay	traveling
naglalakihan	growing up
naglalakihang	growing
naglalako	peddler
naglalaman	contain
naglalambingan	caressing
naglalang	created
naglalapat	applying
naglalarawan	describing
naglalaro	playing
naglalasing	getting drunk
naglalatag	spreading
naglalawit	hanging
naglalayag	sailing
naglalayo	moving away
naglamuray	rent
naglangis	anoint
naglapat	applied
naglaro	played
naglasing	drunk
naglatag	laid out
naglawit	hanging
naglayag	sailed
Naglayas	Ran away
naglayasang	escaped
naglayo	moved away
naglibing	buried
naglibot	Ambient
nagligaw	misled
nagligtas	saved
naglihi	conceived
naglihim	kept secret
Naglihing	conceived
naglikat	ceased
naglilibing	burying
naglilibot	traveling
nagliligaw	misleading
nagliligtas	saving
naglilihi	conceiving
naglilihim	secretive
naglilikat	quitting
nagliliko	turning
naglilikom	collecting
naglilimos	begging
naglilingkod	serving
naglilinis	cleaning
naglilipad	flying
nagliliparan	flying
naglilipat	transferring
naglilitaw	appearing
nagliliwanag	radiant
nagliliyab	blazing
naglilo	deceived
naglimos	alms
naglingkod	sitting
naglinis	cleaned
naglipana	spread out
naglipanang	diversified
nagliparan	flew
naglipat	moved
naglista	lists
naglitawan	appeared
nagliwanag	brightened
nagliyab	burst into flames
naglubag	twist
naglubay	unbend
Naglubid	spin
naglublob	wallowed
nagluklok	seated
nagluksa	mourned
naglulubog	sinking
nagluluksa	mourning
naglulukso	jumping
naglululundag	jumping
nagluluto	cooking
nagluluwa	salivating
nagluluwal	giving birth
nagluluwang	expanding
nagluluwat	procrastinating
naglumagak	has grown
naglupasay	threw
nagluto	cooked
naglutong	cooked
nagluwa	spit
nagluwal	gave birth
nagluwat	shortlived
nagmadali	hurried
nagmadaling	rushed
nagmagandahang	pleasant
nagmagandang	beautiful
nagmahal	loved
nagmakaawa	begged
nagmakaawang	begged
nagmakupad	limping
nagmalabis	excessive
nagmalaki	grew up
nagmalaking	became
nagmalas	looked
nagmalasakit	caring
nagmamabuti	getting better
nagmamadali	in a hurry
nagmamadaling	in a hurry
nagmamagandang	beautiful
nagmamahal	loving
nagmamahalan	in love
nagmamakaawa	begging
nagmamakaawang	begging
nagmamalabis	exaggerating
nagmamalaki	proud
nagmamalaking	proudly
nagmamalas	watching
nagmamalasakit	caring
nagmamalinis	cleaning
nagmamaliw	wandering
nagmamaltrato	mistreats
nagmamalupit	cruel
nagmamana	inherits
nagmamanhik	begging
nagmamanman	scouting
nagmamapuri	boastful
nagmamaramot	stingy
nagmamartsa	marching
nagmamartsang	marching
nagmamarunong	wise
nagmamasa	kneading
nagmamasid	observing
nagmamataas	arrogant
nagmamatigas	stubborn
nagmamatuwid	justifying
nagmamay	possessed
nagmamayabang	boastful
nagmana	inherited
nagmanman	who searched
nagmapuri	gloried
nagmartsa	marched
nagmasa	knead
nagmasid	watched
nagmasunurin	obedient
nagmataas	rose
nagmatigas	hardened
nagmay	had
nagmimina	mining
nagmimithi	wishing
nagmistulang	seemed
nagmukha	looked like
nagmukhang	looked like
nagmula	originated
nagmumula	coming from
nagmumunimuni	meditating
nagmumura	swearing
nagmunimuni	pondered
nagmunukalang	planning
nagmura	cursed
nagnais	wanted
nagnakaw	stole
nagnanais	wishing
nagnanakaw	stealing
nagnanaknak	is sick
Nagnanana	It's festering.
nagnanasa	desiring
nagnanasang	wishing
nagnasang	wished
nagnenegosyo	doing business
nagngalit	angry
nagngangalang	named
nagngangalit	raging
nagngingitngit	angry
nagngitngit	angry
nagningas	lit up
nagningning	shone
nagniningas	burning
nagniningning	shining
nagpa	asked
nagpaahit	shaved
nagpaahon	brought
nagpaalab	inflamed
nagpaalam	said goodbye
nagpaalipin	enslaved
nagpaalis	dismissed
nagpaangkin	claimed
nagpaanod	driven
nagpaayos	repaired
nagpababa	lowered
nagpabagsak	overthrown
nagpabalik	returned
nagpabanal	sanctified
nagpabango	perfumed
nagpabautismo	baptized
nagpabaya	neglected
nagpabayad	toll
nagpabayang	neglect
nagpabilang	commanded
nagpabilanggo	imprisoned
nagpabukal	brought
nagpabunton	set
nagpadaig	prevailed
nagpadala	SENT
nagpadaloy	flowing
nagpadama	made me feel
nagpadanak	gave birth
nagpadaos	ordained
nagpadilat	opened
nagpadilim	made it
nagpadinig	caused
nagpagal	worked hard
nagpagala	wandered
nagpagaling	healed
nagpagalit	made me angry
nagpagamit	used
nagpaganda	made beautiful
nagpagawa	made
Nagpagayak	Dressing up
nagpagiba	broke up
nagpaging	made
nagpagod	tired
nagpagulonggulong	wallowed
nagpagupit	got a haircut
nagpahabol	chased
nagpahain	served
nagpahalaga	appreciated
nagpahalata	revealed
nagpahamak	destroyed
nagpahanap	ordered to
nagpahanda	prepared
nagpahandusay	I'm thinking.
nagpahayag	expressed
nagpahid	anointed
nagpahihip	didst
nagpahilagpos	shot
nagpahina	weakened
nagpahinga	rested
nagpahingang	resting
nagpahintulot	allowed
nagpahiram	lent
nagpahirap	made difficult
nagpahiwalay	separated
nagpahukay	dug
Nagpahula	Fortune-telling
nagpahuli	late
nagpaikot	spun
nagpailalim	submitted
nagpainit	warmed up
nagpainom	gave me a drink
nagpaitaas	lifted
nagpaiwan	left behind
nagpaiwang	lost weight
nagpakababa	humbled
nagpakababá	humbled
nagpakabait	wisely
nagpakabanal	themselves
nagpakabusog	feast
nagpakabuti	improved
nagpakabuwal	leaning
nagpakadukha	became poor
nagpakagumon	getting bored
nagpakahamak	corruptly
nagpakahawa	defiled
nagpakahirap	worked hard
nagpakahubad	thyself
nagpakain	fed
nagpakalakas	himself
nagpakalapit	drew
nagpakalat	spread
nagpakalbo	went bald
nagpakaligaw	turned
nagpakaligaya	made happy
nagpakalinga	distracted
nagpakalinis	cleaned up
nagpakalupit	cruel
nagpakaluwalhati	glorified
nagpakamangmang	acting stupid
nagpakamatay	committed suicide
nagpakapagod	wearied
nagpakapigil	held back
nagpakapon	castrated
nagpakarumi	whoring
nagpakasakit	made sick
nagpakasal	got married
nagpakasama	corrupt
nagpakasamang	defiled
nagpakasasa	indulged
nagpakasaya	had fun
nagpakataas	thyself
nagpakatapang	taking heart
nagpakatibay	strengthened himself
nagpakatigas	behaved himself
nagpakawala	let go
nagpakilala	introduced himself
nagpakilalang	introduced himself/herself
nagpakita	SHOWS
nagpakitang	showed
nagpako	nailed
nagpakubli	hid
nagpakuha	got pregnant
nagpakulog	thundered
nagpakumbaba	humbled
nagpakumbabá	humbled
nagpakumbabang	humbled himself
nagpakundangan	respectful
nagpakunwari	disguised
nagpakunwaring	disguised
nagpakupkop	taking refuge
nagpala	blessed
nagpalabas	released
nagpalaboy	wandered
nagpalabunutan	lots
nagpalagay	assumed
nagpalago	increase
nagpalakad	made to walk
nagpalakas	strengthened
nagpalaki	raised
nagpalakpakan	applauded
nagpalalo	haughty
nagpalata	fails
nagpalawak	expanded
nagpalaya	liberated
nagpalayas	expelled
nagpalayo	away
nagpaliban	delay
nagpalibot	Around
nagpaligaw	perverted
nagpaligo	took a bath
nagpalinlang	deceived
nagpalipad	flew
nagpalipas	passed
nagpalipat	transferred
nagpalit	changed
nagpaliwanag	explained
Nagpaluto	Cooking
nagpamahiin	sorcery
nagpamalas	showed off
nagpanalo	won
nagpanariwa	refreshed
nagpanata	vow
nagpangalat	scattered
nagpanggap	pretended
nagpangulubot	gathered
nagpanhik	walked
nagpanibagong	there did
nagpaningas	kindled
nagpanukala	proposed
nagpanumbalik	restored
nagpanumpaan	swore
nagpapaakyat	climbing
nagpapaalaala	reminding
nagpapaalala	reminding
nagpapaalam	saying goodbye
nagpapaamo	taming
nagpapaaninaw	reflective
nagpapaapoy	setting fire
nagpapaatag	stabilizing
nagpapaayos	repairing
nagpapababa	lowering
nagpapabaga	thickening
nagpapabaho	stinking
nagpapabalik	returning
nagpapabanal	sanctifying
nagpapabatid	informs
nagpapabautismo	baptizing
nagpapabaya	neglectful
nagpapabayad	paying
nagpapabigat	burdensome
nagpapabingi	deafening
nagpapabunga	fruitful
nagpapabuti	improves
nagpapadakila	exalting
nagpapadala	sending
nagpapadalisay	purifying
nagpapadaloy	flowing
nagpapadilim	darkening
nagpapadukha	impoverished
nagpapagaan	lightening
nagpapagal	laborious
nagpapagala	wandering
nagpapagalak	makes you happy
nagpapagalaw	moving
nagpapagaling	healing
nagpapagamit	user
nagpapaganda	beautifying
nagpapaging	making
nagpapagingbanal	sanctifying
nagpapagulong	rolling
nagpapagunita	reminiscent
nagpapagupit	getting a haircut
nagpapahaba	lengthening
nagpapahabol	chasing
nagpapahalaga	appreciates
nagpapahalimuyak	perfume
nagpapahamak	destructive
nagpapahasa	sharpening
nagpapahatid	delivering
nagpapahayag	expressing
nagpapahid	wiping
nagpapahiga	lying down
nagpapahilagpos	loosening
nagpapahina	weakens
nagpapahinga	resting
nagpapahingalay	resting
Nagpapahintay	Waiting
nagpapahintulot	allows
nagpapahiram	lending
nagpapahirap	makes difficult
nagpapahiwalay	separating
nagpapahiwatig	indicates
nagpapahiya	humiliating
nagpapahugong	buzzing
nagpapahukot	making a fuss
Nagpapahula	Divination
nagpapaihip	blowing
nagpapaikot	spinning
nagpapaikut	grinding
nagpapainit	warming
nagpapainom	giving a drink
nagpapakaapostol	apostolate
nagpapakababa	humble
nagpapakababang	humble
nagpapakabagbag	heartbreaking
nagpapakabanal	sanctifying
nagpapakabusog	filling
nagpapakadukha	impoverished
nagpapakaganda	beautifying
nagpapakahirap	making trouble
nagpapakain	feeding
nagpapakalaki	growing
nagpapakalango	getting drunk
nagpapakalatis	eloquent
nagpapakaliit	shrinking
nagpapakaluwalhati	glorifying
nagpapakapagod	tiring
nagpapakarumi	pollutes
nagpapakasama	making trouble
nagpapakasawa	indulgent
nagpapakataas	exalting
nagpapakatalino	pretending to be smart
nagpapakatapang	making bold
nagpapakatay	slaughtering
nagpapakayaman	enriching
nagpapakidlat	lightning
nagpapakilala	introducing
nagpapakilalang	introducing
nagpapakilos	mobilizing
nagpapakinang	shining
nagpapakislap	flashing
nagpapakita	showing
nagpapakitang	showing
nagpapakumbaba	humble
nagpapakumbabá	humble
nagpapakumbo	making a fuss
nagpapakundangan	respectful
nagpapakunwari	pretending
nagpapakunwaring	pretending
nagpapakupad	making noise
nagpapakupkop	taking refuge
nagpapala	blessing
nagpapalabas	showing off
Nagpapalabunutan	Lottery
nagpapalaganap	propagating
nagpapalagas	shedding
nagpapalagi	lasting
nagpapalago	growing
nagpapalakas	strengthening
nagpapalaki	enlarging
nagpapalalo	arrogant
nagpapalamig	cooling
nagpapalaon	prolonging
nagpapalawak	expanding
nagpapalaya	liberating
nagpapalayas	expelling
nagpapaligaya	makes you happy
nagpapalikat	resigning
nagpapalimos	begging
nagpapalipas	passing by
nagpapalipat	transferring
nagpapalipatlipat	moving around
nagpapalit	changing
nagpapaliwanag	explaining
nagpapaliyab	flaming
nagpapaltos	blistering
nagpapalukso	makes people jump
nagpapalungkot	sad
nagpapalusog	nourishing
nagpapaluwalhati	glorifying
nagpapamangmang	fooling
nagpapamukha	pretending
nagpapang	pretending
nagpapanganak	giving birth
nagpapanggap	pretending
nagpapangilabot	horrifying
nagpapanginig	shivering
nagpapangkat	grouping
nagpapanglaw	saddening
nagpapangyari	causing
nagpapaningas	igniting
nagpapapahayag	expressing
nagpapapanabog	explosive
nagpapapanglaw	depressing
nagpapapantas	making wise
nagpapapipi	mute
nagpapapuri	praising
nagpapaputi	whitening
nagpaparaan	tolerant
nagpaparami	multiplying
nagpaparangal	honoring
nagpaparanya	pretending
nagpaparatang	accusing
nagpaparikit	makes beautiful
nagpaparoo	going there
nagpaparooʼt	going there
nagpaparumi	polluting
nagpaparusa	punishing
nagpaparusang	punishing
nagpapasabi	asking for information
nagpapasakdal	perfecting
nagpapasakit	painful
nagpapasakop	submissive
nagpapasalamat	grateful
nagpapasama	degrading
nagpapasamâ	spoiling
nagpapasan	carrying
nagpapasapit	bringing
nagpapasarap	delicious
nagpapasariwa	refreshing
nagpapasasa	indulgent
nagpapasaya	makes you happy
nagpapasibol	sprouting
nagpapasigla	stimulating
nagpapasilang	giving birth
nagpapasimula	initiating
nagpapasimulang	starting
nagpapasiya	deciding
nagpapasobra	exaggerating
nagpapasok	entering
nagpapastol	shepherd
nagpapasuhol	briber
nagpapasuko	submissive
nagpapasuot	dressing
nagpapasuso	breastfeeding
nagpapasya	deciding
nagpapataas	increases
nagpapataba	fattening
nagpapatagumpay	making successful
nagpapatahimik	calming
nagpapatakbo	running
nagpapatakot	frightening
nagpapatalas	sharpening
nagpapatalim	sharpening
nagpapatangay	letting go
nagpapatatag	stabilizing
nagpapatawad	forgiving
nagpapatay	killing
nagpapatayan	killing each other
nagpapatayo	building
nagpapatayo 	building 
nagpapatibay	affirming
nagpapatigas	hardens
nagpapatigil	stopping
nagpapatirapa	prostrate
nagpapatotoo	testifying
nagpapatubo	interest-bearing
nagpapatugtog	playing
nagpapatuloy	continuing
nagpapatunay	confirming
nagpapatunog	makes a sound
nagpapatupad	implementing
nagpapatutot	prostitute
nagpapatuyo	drying
nagpapaulan	making it rain
nagpapaulol	maddening
nagpapauna	giving priority
nagpapaunlad	developing
nagpapaunos	stormy
nagpapaupa	renting
nagpapaupang	renting
nagpapaurong	retreating
nagpapautang	lender
nagpapawalang	dismissive
nagpapayabang	boastful
nagpapayabangan	boastful
nagpapayaman	enriching
nagpapayamot	annoying
nagpapayanig	shaking
nagpapayo	advising
nagpapayuhan	advising
nagpapayuhang	advising
Nagpapigil	Preventing
nagpapista	party
nagpaplano	planning
nagpaplanong	planning
nagpapunta	sent
nagpaputol	sailed
nagparaan	passed
nagparami	multiplied
nagparamit	increased
nagparangal	honored
nagparatang	accused
nagparoo	went abroad
nagparoon	went there
nagparte	shared
nagparumi	contaminated
nagparusa	punished
nagpasabi	told
nagpasaklolo	asked for help
nagpasakop	submitted
nagpasalamat	thanked
nagpasalita	spoke
nagpasama	made worse
nagpasan	bORE
nagpasapit	sent
nagpasasa	indulged
nagpasasalamat	thanks
nagpasigla	encouraged
nagpasimula	initiated
nagpasimulang	started
nagpasimuno	initiated
nagpasiya	decided
nagpasiyang	decided
nagpasiyasat	inquired
nagpasok	entered
Nagpastol	pastured
nagpasugo	sent
nagpasuko	angered
nagpasulat	nagpasiilat
nagpasumpa	had made
nagpasundo	arranged a meeting
nagpasunog	ordained
nagpasuso	suck
nagpasya	decided
nagpasyang	decided to
Nagpataba	warmed
nagpatag	smoothing
nagpatago	hiding
nagpatahan	commits
nagpatahimik	silenced
nagpatak	dropped
nagpatakbo	ran
nagpatalastas	hast
nagpatangay	carried away
nagpatangis	caused
nagpatanikala	chained
nagpatatag	stabilized
nagpatatak	receives
nagpatawad	forgave
nagpatawag	summoned
nagpatawid	crossed
nagpatay	killed
nagpatayan	killed each other
nagpatayo	built
nagpatibay	confirmed
nagpatibuwal	fell
nagpatigas	hardened
nagpatigil	stopped
nagpatira	settled
nagpatirapa	prostrated
Nagpatirapang	Crawling
nagpatotoo	testified
nagpatubo	GROW
nagpatubos	redeemed
nagpatuli	circumcised
nagpatulong	asked for help
nagpatuloy	continued
nagpatunay	proved
nagpatutot	whoredom
nagpatuyo	dried up
nagpaubaya	neglected
nagpauga	shake
nagpaulan	made it rain
nagpauna	went first
nagpaunawa	warned
nagpaunlad	developed
Nagpaunlak	Rained
nagpaupa	themselves
nagpaupasala	pretending
nagpautang	lender
nagpautos	sent
nagpauwing	hurried
nagpawalang	dismissed
nagpayaman	made rich
nagpayanig	shook
nagpayo	advised
Nagpenitensya	Penitent
nagpepenitensya	penitent
nagpighati	desolate
nagpigil	restrained
nagpiging	feasted
nagpilit	insisted
nagpipigil	restraining
nagpipiglas	struggling
nagpipilit	insisting
nagpipipisan	gathering
nagpipira	breaking up
nagpipisa	hatching
nagpipisan	gathered
nagpipisang	dating
nagpipitagan	respectful
nagpira	broke
nagpisa	hatched
nagpisan	gathering
nagpisang	assembled
nagpista	festival
nagplano	plans
nagplanong	planned
nagprisinta	presented
nagpropesiya	prophesied
nagpugad	nested
nagpugay	saluted
nagpulong	met
nagpumiglas	struggled
nagpumilit	insisted
nagpunla	sowed
nagpuno	fill
nagpunta	went
nagpuntahan	went to
nagpuprusisyon	procession
nagpupugad	nesting
nagpupulong	meeting
nagpupumiglas	struggling
nagpupumilit	struggling
nagpupunla	planting
nagpupuno	filling
nagpupunta	going
nagpupuntahan	going
nagpupuri	praising
nagpupuring	praising
nagpuputol	cutting
nagpuputong	crowning
nagpupuyat	staying awake
nagpupuyos	burning
nagpuri	Nagpuri
nagpuring	praised
nagputol	cuts
nagputong	wrapped
nagpuyat	stayed up late
nagrebelde	rebelled
nagreklamo	complained
nagrerebelde	rebel
nagreregalo	giving gifts
nagrereklamo	complaining
nagsabi	said
nagsabing	said
nagsabisabihan	telling
nagsabog	exploded
nagsabwatan	conspired
nagsadya	on purpose
nagsagawa	conducted
nagsagutan	answered
nagsaka	rising
nagsakatuparan	accomplished
nagsakbat	attacked
nagsakit	ill
nagsakitsakitan	in pain
nagsaksakan	stuck
nagsala	wrong
nagsalaysay	narrated
nagsalimuutan	thick
nagsalin	translated
nagsalisalitaan	unto another
nagsalita	spoke
nagsalitaan	spake
nagsalitang	spoke
nagsalo	shared
nagsalu	shared
nagsalubong	met
nagsama	joined
nagsamang	joined
nagsamantala	took advantage
nagsampa	filed
nagsanay	trained
nagsanga	branches
nagsanggalang	pleaded
nagsanggunian	counsel
nagsangusapan	another
nagsangusapang	said one to another
nagsanla	mortgaged
nagsapalaran	cast
nagsara	closed
nagsasaad	expresses
nagsasabi	saying
nagsasabihan	telling
nagsasabing	saying
nagsasabog	explosive
nagsasabwatan	conspiring
nagsasagawa	conducting
nagsasaka	farming
nagsasakdal	plaintiff
nagsasakmalang	taking turns
nagsasalaysay	narrating
nagsasaliksik	researching
nagsasalin	translating
nagsasalita	speaking
nagsasalitaan	talking to each other
nagsasalitang	speaking
nagsasaltikan	interrogative
nagsasalu	participating
nagsasalubong	meeting
nagsasama	together
nagsasamantala	exploitative
nagsasambulat	bursting
nagsasampa	filing
nagsasanay	practicing
nagsasanga	branched out
nagsasanggalang	protective
nagsasanggunian	consulting
nagsasangguniang	consulting
nagsasangusapan	talking
nagsasapalaran	taking risks
nagsasasayaw	dancing
nagsasauli	returning
nagsasawa	tiring
nagsasawsaw	dipping
nagsasaya	having fun
nagsasayang	having fun
nagsasayaw	dancing
nagsasayawan	dancing
nagsasaysay	narrating
nagsauli	returned
nagsauling	again
nagsawa	fed up
nagsawalang	wrote
Nagsawsaw	Dip
nagsaya	had fun
nagsayang	wasted
nagsayaw	dancing
nagsayawan	danced
nagsaysay	explained
nagselos	jealous
nagseselos	jealous
nagsiabot	reached out
nagsiabuloy	donated
nagsiagos	flowed
nagsiahon	went up
nagsiahong	went up
nagsiakyat	climbed
nagsialaala	remembered
nagsialalay	dependent
nagsialis	left
nagsiangal	roared
nagsiani	harvested
nagsiararo	plowed
nagsiasa	hoped
nagsiatras	retreated
nagsiawit	sang
nagsibaba	descended
nagsibabang	descended
nagsibagsak	fell down
nagsibak	chopped
nagsibalik	returned
nagsibalikan	returned
nagsibaling	turned
nagsibanggit	mention
nagsibangon	rise
nagsibangong	rose
nagsibasa	read
nagsibati	saluted
nagsibihag	captive
nagsibili	bought
nagsibuhat	took up
nagsidaan	passed
nagsidaang	passed
nagsidaing	cried
nagsidalangin	cried
nagsidalo	attended
nagsidaluhong	rushed
nagsidami	increased
nagsidampot	picked
nagsidaong	landed
nagsidapo	landed
nagsidating	arrived
nagsidatingan	arrived
nagsidoon	went there
nagsidupok	withered
nagsiga	fire
nagsigala	staggered
nagsigalang	reverenced
nagsigaling	healed
nagsigamit	they have dealt
nagsiganti	have brought
nagsigawa	worked
nagsigawan	shouted
nagsigawang	dealt
nagsigayak	manner
nagsigayuma	bewitch
nagsigiba	destroyed
nagsiginhawa	prosper
nagsihaba	lengthened
nagsihabi	woven
nagsihabol	sued
nagsihalik	kissed
nagsihamak	despised
nagsihanap	looking for
nagsihanay	trained
nagsihanda	prepared
nagsihandog	offered
nagsihantong	led
nagsiharap	appeared
nagsihatol	judged
nagsihawak	hold
nagsihayong	went out
nagsihiga	lay down
nagsihihip	blowing
nagsihilagpos	throwing
nagsihilig	leaning
nagsihiling	requesting
nagsihingi	asking
nagsihinto	stopped
nagsihipo	touched
nagsihiwalay	separated
nagsihiyaw	shouted
nagsihukay	dug
nagsihuli	caught
nagsiigib	drew
nagsiimik	silent
nagsiinom	drunk
nagsiiyak	wept
nagsikain	ate
nagsikalat	spread
nagsikampi	sided
nagsikap	worked hard
nagsikitil	tickled
nagsiklab	broke out
nagsiksikan	crowded
nagsikubli	hid themselves
nagsikuha	took
nagsikuhang	started
nagsilaban	fought
nagsilabas	came out
nagsilaboy	wandered
nagsilagay	stood
nagsilago	grew
nagsilakad	walked
nagsilakas	were made
nagsilaki	brought
nagsilaking	grown up
nagsilakip	attached
nagsilala	risen
nagsilang	gave birth
nagsilapit	approached
nagsilayag	sailed
nagsilayas	escaped
nagsilayo	gone
nagsilbi	served
nagsilbing	served as
nagsilid	out fingers
nagsiligid	fetched
nagsilihis	deviated
nagsiliko	turned
nagsilikong	got sick
nagsilinis	cleansed
nagsilipad	flying
nagsilipas	passed
nagsilipat	deserters
nagsilipol	destroyed
nagsilisyang	aside
nagsilitaw	arose
nagsilubog	sinkers
nagsiluhod	bowed
nagsiluksong	skipped
nagsilulan	entered
nagsilunsad	gone
nagsilupig	subdued
nagsilusob	attacking
nagsilusong	down
nagsimula	started
nagsimulang	began
nagsindi	lit
nagsinungaling	lied
nagsipag	worked hard
nagsipagalab	burned
nagsipagasawa	got married
nagsipagayuno	fasted
nagsipagbalik	returned
nagsipagbangong	rose
nagsipagbanta	threatened
nagsipagbata	endured
nagsipagbautismo	baptized
nagsipagbigay	gave
nagsipagbigkis	tied up
nagsipagbuhos	poured
nagsipagdaan	passed by
nagsipagdala	brought
nagsipagdaos	held
nagsipagdaya	cheated
nagsipagdiwang	celebrated
nagsipaghain	sacrificed
nagsipaghaka	guessed
nagsipaghalal	elected
nagsipaghanda	prepared
nagsipaghandog	offered
nagsipaghari	reigned
nagsipagharing	reigned
nagsipaghatid	delivered
nagsipaghimagsik	rebelled
nagsipaghintay	waited
nagsipaghiwalay	separated
nagsipaghugas	washed
nagsipaghulog	dropped
nagsipagisip	thought about
nagsipagkamit	achieved
nagsipagkanlong	took refuge
nagsipagkubli	went into hiding
nagsipagkudlit	scratched
nagsipaglaba	did laundry
nagsipaglabas	went out
nagsipaglakad	walked
nagsipaglakbay	traveled
nagsipaglayag	sailed
nagsipaglibing	buried
nagsipaglikat	flickered
nagsipaglingkod	served
nagsipaglinis	cleaned
nagsipagmadaling	rushed
nagsipagmula	originated
nagsipagnakaw	robbed
nagsipagnasa	wished
nagsipagpagal	worked hard
nagsipagpahinga	resting
nagsipagpuno	filled
Nagsipagreklamo	Complained
nagsipagsabi	said
nagsipagsabing	said
nagsipagsakbat	armed
nagsipagsalita	spoke
nagsipagsama	joined together
nagsipagsanay	trained
nagsipagsayawan	danced
nagsipagsaysay	narrated
nagsipagsigawan	shouted
nagsipagsisi	repented
nagsipagsugo	sent
nagsipagsunog	burned
nagsipagsuwail	rebelled
nagsipagtaas	rose
nagsipagtago	hid
nagsipagtakda	set
nagsipagtanong	asked a question
nagsipagtayo	built
nagsipagtindig	stood up
nagsipagtipon	gathered
nagsipagtira	stayed behind
nagsipagturo	taught
nagsipaligo	took a bath
nagsipamahala	took charge
nagsipamanhik	pleaded
nagsipamusong	blasphemed
nagsipanabog	exploded
nagsipanaig	prevailed
nagsipanakbo	ran
nagsipanakbuhan	ran away
nagsipanalangin	prayed
nagsipanambitan	pretended
nagsipanamit	dressed
nagsipanampalataya	believed
nagsipanangis	cried
nagsipanata	vowed
nagsipanatili	maintained
nagsipanatiling	sustained
nagsipangahas	dared
nagsipangako	promised
nagsipangakong	promised
nagsipangalat	scattered
nagsipanganak	gave birth
nagsipanganlong	took refuge
nagsipangaral	preached
nagsipangasiwa	supervised
nagsipanggaling	came from
nagsipanggilalas	amazed
nagsipanghawak	held on
nagsipanghimagsik	rebelled
nagsipanghula	predicted
nagsipanghuli	caught
nagsipangilabot	terrified
nagsipanginig	trembled
nagsipanhik	climbed
nagsipaniwala	believed
nagsipaniwalang	believed
nagsipanumpa	swore an oath
nagsiparito	came
nagsiparitong	came
nagsiparoon	went
nagsiparoong	arrived
nagsipasok	entered
nagsipatak	dropped
nagsipatay	killed
nagsipatungo	headed
nagsipigil	restrained
nagsipihit	turned around
nagsipili	chose
nagsiping	had sex
nagsipisan	gathered
nagsipuri	praised
nagsipurol	dulled
nagsiputing	turned white
nagsiputol	cut
nagsirating	came
nagsisadsad	aground
nagsisagasa	rushed
nagsisagot	answering
nagsisakop	occupying
nagsisaksi	witnessing
nagsisalangsang	transgressor
nagsisalansang	opposing
nagsisama	joining
nagsisamba	worshipping
nagsisampa	went up
nagsisampalataya	believed
nagsisamsam	plundering
nagsisangayon	agreeing
nagsisangguni	consulting
nagsisanib	merged
nagsisapit	arrived
nagsisayaw	dancing
nagsisi	repent
nagsisiabang	waiting
nagsisiabot	reaching
nagsisiagaw	stealing
nagsisiagos	flowing
nagsisiagulo	struggling
nagsisiahon	ascending
nagsisiakma	adapting
nagsisialaala	remembering
nagsisialalay	supporting
nagsisialipusta	insulting
nagsisialis	leaving
nagsisialiw	entertaining
nagsisiangal	roaring
nagsisiani	harvesting
nagsisiapaw	overflowing
nagsisiaring	pretending
nagsisiasa	hoping
nagsisiaway	quarreling
nagsisiawit	singing
nagsisibaba	descending
nagsisibago	changing
nagsisibak	cutting
nagsisibakay	stalking
nagsisibalik	returning
nagsisibangon	rising
nagsisibangong	rising
nagsisibasbas	blessing
nagsisibili	buying
nagsisibol	sprouting
nagsisibuka	opening
nagsisibulong	whispering
nagsisibunot	pulling out
nagsisibuti	getting better
nagsisidaan	passing by
nagsisidaang	passing by
nagsisidagok	rushing
nagsisidaing	moaning
nagsisidalamhati	grieving
nagsisidalangin	praying
nagsisidaluhong	rampaging
nagsisidami	increasing
nagsisidating	arriving
nagsisidikit	sticking
nagsisidungaw	looking around
nagsisiduwahagi	mocking
nagsisigala	wandering
nagsisigalaw	moving
nagsisigaling	recovering
nagsisigamit	using
nagsisiganap	taking place
nagsisigaod	rowing
nagsisigapang	crawling
nagsisigapas	mowing
nagsisigaw	screaming
nagsisigawa	working
nagsisigawan	shouting
nagsisigawang	working
nagsisigiling	grinding
nagsisigipit	pressing
nagsisigulo	making trouble
nagsisigulong	rolling
nagsisigunita	reminiscing
nagsisigupit	cutting hair
nagsisihabi	weaving
nagsisihabol	chasing
nagsisihagibis	rushing
nagsisihagulhol	wailing
nagsisihamak	contemptuous
nagsisihanap	looking for
nagsisihanay	aligning
nagsisihanda	preparing
nagsisihapay	wandering
nagsisihatol	judging
nagsisihawak	holding
nagsisihibik	sobbing
nagsisihiga	lying down
nagsisihigit	surpassing
nagsisihihip	blowing
nagsisihila	pulling
nagsisihilig	tending
nagsisihiling	requesting
nagsisihimpil	resting
nagsisihinga	breathing
nagsisihingal	panting
nagsisihingi	asking
nagsisihitit	sucking
nagsisihiwalay	separating
nagsisihiyaw	screaming
nagsisihugong	buzzing
nagsisihugos	flowing
nagsisihuho	whispering
nagsisihukay	digging
nagsisihuli	catching
nagsisihuni	humming
nagsisiibig	in love
nagsisiikot	spinning
nagsisiimik	silent
nagsisiindayon	swaying
nagsisiinis	annoying
nagsisiinom	drinking
nagsisiirap	suffering
nagsisiiyak	crying
nagsisikain	eating
nagsisikaing	eating
nagsisikap	trying hard
nagsisikapa	trying
nagsisikatha	inventing
nagsisikendeng	seconding
nagsisikilala	recognizing
nagsisikilos	moving
nagsisikinang	shining
nagsisikip	crowded
nagsisikislap	sparkling
nagsisiksikan	crowded
nagsisikubkob	besieging
nagsisikubkub	are hiding
nagsisikubling	hiding
nagsisikuha	taking
nagsisikupas	fading
nagsisilabag	violating
nagsisilaban	fighting
nagsisilabas	coming out
nagsisilabasan	coming out
nagsisilaboy	wandering
nagsisilagi	staying
nagsisilago	growing
nagsisilagpas	passing
nagsisilakad	walking
nagsisilaki	growing
nagsisilamon	devouring
nagsisilapit	approaching
nagsisilayas	fleeing
nagsisilayo	moving away
nagsisilbing	serving
nagsisilibot	wandering around
nagsisilid	sneaking
nagsisiligalig	anxious
nagsisiligid	rolling
nagsisilihis	deviating
nagsisiliko	turning
nagsisilimot	forgetting
nagsisilingap	looking forward
nagsisilingon	looking back
nagsisilipad	flying
nagsisilitaw	appearing
nagsisiluklok	sitting down
nagsisilukso	jumping
nagsisiluksong	jumping
nagsisilundag	jumping
nagsisilusong	descending
nagsisimbolo	symbolizes
nagsisimula	starting
nagsisimulang	starting
nagsisindi	lighting up
nagsisinungaling	lying
nagsisipag	working hard
nagsisipagakala	they are thinking
nagsisipagalaga	caring
nagsisipagalambitin	they are grieving
nagsisipagantay	waiting
nagsisipagaral	studying
nagsisipagararo	plowing
Nagsisipagasawa	Getting married
nagsisipagbago	changing
nagsisipagbayad	paying
nagsisipagbukas	opening
nagsisipagdaan	passing by
nagsisipagdala	carrying
nagsisipaghain	sacrificing
nagsisipaghanap	searching
nagsisipaghanda	preparing
nagsisipaghandog	offering
nagsisipaghasik	sowing
nagsisipaghayuma	bewitching
nagsisipaghintay	waiting
nagsisipagingat	being careful
nagsisipagkanlong	taking refuge
nagsisipagkubli	hiding
nagsisipaglakbay	traveling
nagsisipaglatag	are spreading
nagsisipaglingkod	serving
nagsisipagluksa	mourning
nagsisipagmana	inheriting
nagsisipagmataas	arrogant
nagsisipagnakaw	they steal
nagsisipagnasang	wishing
nagsisipagngalit	getting angry
nagsisipagpagal	working hard
nagsisipagpahid	wiping
nagsisipagpakpak	clapping
nagsisipagpalayas	expelling
nagsisipagpuno	filling
nagsisipagsabi	saying
nagsisipagsabing	they say
nagsisipagsadya	are deliberately
nagsisipagsakdal	accusing
nagsisipagsalita	speaking
nagsisipagsalitang	speaking
nagsisipagsaysay	telling stories
nagsisipagsikap	striving
nagsisipagsisi	repentant
nagsisipagsiyasat	investigating
nagsisipagsunog	burning
nagsisipagtago	hiding
nagsisipagtanim	planting
nagsisipagtanong	asking questions
nagsisipagtayo	are building
nagsisipagtigil	stopping
nagsisipagtiwarik	toppling over
nagsisipagtiyaga	persevering
nagsisipakinig	listening
nagsisipakpak	clapping
nagsisipamahala	governing
nagsisipamahalang	governing
nagsisipamanhik	begging
nagsisipanahan	they are fighting
nagsisipanalangin	praying
nagsisipanamit	getting dressed
nagsisipanampalataya	believing
nagsisipanatili	persisting
nagsisipanatiling	persistent
nagsisipangabayo	riding a horse
nagsisipangalakal	trading
nagsisipangalat	are spreading
nagsisipangalog	shaking
nagsisipangaral	preaching
nagsisipangasiwa	overseeing
nagsisipangasiwang	supervising
nagsisipanggaling	coming from
nagsisipanggilalas	amazed
nagsisipanggulo	are disturbing
nagsisipanggulong	rolling
nagsisipanghula	prophesying
nagsisipanghulang	prophesying
nagsisipangilo	dizzy
nagsisipanginain	grazing
nagsisipanginig	trembling
nagsisipanguna	leading
nagsisipanhik	climbing
nagsisipaniwala	believing
nagsisipanood	watching
nagsisiparito	coming
nagsisiparitong	are coming
nagsisiparoon	are coming
nagsisipasan	burdened
nagsisipasok	entering
Nagsisipatak	Drip
nagsisipatay	killing
nagsisipatnubay	guiding
nagsisipighati	grieving
nagsisipihit	turning
nagsisipulot	picking
nagsisipuri	praising
nagsisira	destroying
nagsisiraan	corrupt
nagsisisabsab	scolding
nagsisisagana	abounding
nagsisisagot	answering
nagsisisakay	riding
nagsisisakmal	devouring
nagsisisalangsang	transgressing
nagsisisamba	worshipers
nagsisisampalataya	believing
nagsisisampalatayang	believing
nagsisisamsam	plundering
nagsisisangayon	agreeing
nagsisisangguni	consulting
nagsisisaway	reprimanding
nagsisisayaw	dancing
nagsisisi	regretful
nagsisisigaw	screaming
nagsisisuko	surrendering
nagsisisumpa	swearing
nagsisisunod	following
nagsisisutsot	hissing
Nagsisitaas	Rising
nagsisitaba	gaining weight
nagsisitagal	lingering
nagsisitahan	residing
nagsisitahang	residing
nagsisitahimik	silent
nagsisitakas	fleeing
nagsisitakbo	running
nagsisitakbong	running
nagsisitakip	covering
nagsisitalikod	turning away
nagsisitalima	obeying
nagsisitanan	escaping
nagsisitanaw	looking at
nagsisitanggap	accepting
nagsisitangging	refusing
nagsisitangis	crying
nagsisitawa	laughing
nagsisitawag	calling
nagsisitayo	standing
nagsisitayong	standing
nagsisitigil	stopping
nagsisitindig	standing up
nagsisitingin	looking
nagsisititig	staring
nagsisitiwala	trusting
nagsisitubo	growing
nagsisitulo	dripping
nagsisitulong	helping
nagsisitunog	ringing
nagsisitupad	fulfilling
nagsisiugong	buzzing
nagsisiunat	stretching
nagsisiungal	roaring
nagsisiungol	groaning
nagsisiupa	renting
nagsisiupo	sitting
nagsisiurong	retreating
nagsisiusad	progressing
nagsisiusig	persecuting
nagsisiusok	smoking
Nagsisiuwi	Returning home
nagsisiwalat	revealing
nagsisiyaman	getting rich
nagsisiyanig	shaking
nagsisiyao	leaving
nagsisiyaon	going
nagsisiyaong	going away
nagsisiyasat	investigating
nagsisiyuko	bowing
nagsisiyukod	bowing
nagsisubasob	falling over
nagsisuhol	bribed
nagsisuko	surrendering
nagsisulat	writing
nagsisulong	advancing
nagsisumpa	swearing
nagsisunod	following
nagsisuway	disobedient
nagsitaas	increased
nagsitaasan	increased
nagsitabon	jumped
nagsitahan	lived
nagsitahang	visited
nagsitahimik	fell silent
nagsitahol	barked
nagsitakas	escaped
nagsitakbo	ran
nagsitakbong	ran
nagsitalaga	dedicated
nagsitalikod	turned away
nagsitalima	obeyed
nagsitanan	escaped
nagsitanggap	received
nagsitanggi	refused
nagsitangging	refused
nagsitangis	crying
nagsitawag	calling
nagsitawid	crossed
nagsitayo	stood up
nagsitayong	stood up
nagsitibag	broke down
nagsitigas	hardened
nagsitigil	stopped
nagsitimo	gathered
nagsitindig	stood up
nagsitingin	looking
nagsitira	left
nagsitirang	left
nagsitiwala	trusted
nagsitubong	emerged
nagsitugtog	played
nagsitulad	imitated
nagsitulak	pushed
nagsitulong	helped
nagsituloy	continued
nagsitungayaw	cursed
nagsitungo	went to
nagsitupad	fulfilled
nagsituyo	dried up
nagsiungal	roared
nagsiupa	rented
nagsiupo	sat down
nagsiupong	sat down
nagsiurong	retreated
nagsiusig	went to sleep
nagsiuwi	returned home
nagsiuwian	went home
nagsiyabag	horsehoofs broken
nagsiyaman	waxed
nagsiyaon	departed
nagsiyaong	appointed
nagsiyasat	investigated
Nagsiyuko	bowed
nagsiyukod	bowed
nagsugat	met
nagsugo	sent
nagsugong	sent
nagsukat	measured
nagsulat	WROTE
nagsulsol	instigated
nagsumamo	pleaded
nagsumbong	reported
nagsumikap	worked hard
nagsumpaang	sworn
nagsunog	burned
nagsuob	burned
nagsuot	wore
nagsupling	boughs
nagsuri	checked
nagsusugba	burning
nagsusugo	sender
nagsusuhol	briber
nagsusuka	vomiting
Nagsusulat	Writing
nagsusulatan	corresponding
nagsusulputan	emerging
nagsusumakit	aching
nagsusumamo	pleading
nagsusumbong	complaining
nagsusumikap	working hard
nagsusunog	burning
nagsusunog 	burning 
nagsusuntukan	fighting
nagsusuot	wearing
nagsusupling	reproducing
nagsuwail	rebel
nagtaan	who has
nagtaas	raised
nagtabas	cutting
nagtaboy	drove away
nagtagal	took a long time
nagtaglay	possessed
nagtago	hID
nagtagpo	met
nagtagumpay	succeeded
nagtaguyod	promoted
Nagtahi	sew
nagtaka	wondered
nagtakang	surprised
nagtakbo	ran
nagtakbuhan	ran
nagtakbuhang	ran
nagtakda	defines
nagtakip	covered
nagtaksil	betrayed
nagtakuwil	rejected
nagtakwil	rejected
nagtala	recorded
nagtalaga	appointed
nagtali	tied
nagtalo	argued
nagtalu	defeated
nagtalukbong	veiled
nagtalumpati	gave a speech
nagtambak	cast
nagtamo	obtained
nagtanan	escaped
nagtanggal	deleted
nagtanggol	defended
nagtangi	Discriminated
nagtangka	attempted
nagtangkang	attempted
nagtangkilik	have gotten
nagtanim	planted
nagtanong	asked
nagtanung	asked
nagtanungan	asked
nagtanungang	asked
nagtanyag	OFFERED
nagtapal	covered
nagtapat	confessed
nagtapon	threw
nagtapos	graduated
nagtataan	holding
nagtataas	rising
nagtataasang	rising
nagtatabas	cutting
nagtatabil	selling
nagtatag	founder
nagtatagaan	taking shelter
nagtatagal	taking a long time
nagtataghuyan	lamenting
nagtataglay	possess
nagtatago	hiding
nagtatagpi	patching
nagtatagubilin	instructing
nagtatagumpay	succeeding
nagtataguyod	promotes
nagtatahip	blowing
nagtatak	impressive
nagtataka	wondering
nagtatakang	wondering
nagtatakbo	running
nagtatakbuhan	running
nagtatakbuhang	running
nagtatakda	sets
nagtatakip	covering
nagtatakipsilim	twilight
nagtataksil	traitor
nagtatakuwil	rejecting
nagtatakwil	rejecting
nagtatali	tying
nagtatalo	arguing
Nagtatalu	Arguing
nagtatalumpati	speaking
nagtatamasa	enjoying
nagtatambak	piling up
nagtatamburin	overflowing
nagtatamo	gaining
nagtatangay	carrying
nagtatanggol	defensive
nagtatangi	discriminate
nagtatangka	attempting
nagtatangkang	attempting
nagtatangkilik	patronizing
nagtatanim	planting
nagtatanong	asking
nagtatanongan	questioning
nagtatanungan	questioning
nagtatanyag	popular
nagtatapal	covering
nagtatapat	confessing
nagtatapos	ends
nagtatapyas	cutting
nagtatatag	establishing
nagtatatakbo	running
nagtatatalon	jumping
nagtatawa	laughing
nagtatawanan	laughing
nagtatayo	building
nagtatlong	three-way
nagtatrabaho	working
nagtatrabahong	working
nagtatraydor	traitor
nagtawa	laughed
nagtawanan	laughed
nagtaya	bet
nagtayo	built
nagtayuan	built
nagtibag	quarrying
nagtibay	concluded
nagtiis	endured
nagtimbang	weighing
nagtimpi	restrained
nagtimpla	brewed
nagtindig	stood up
nagtinginan	looking at each other
nagtipanan	covenant
nagtipo	typed
nagtipon	gathered
nagtipong	gathered
nagtipun	gathered
nagtira	left
nagtirik	stuck
nagtitibag	quarrying
nagtitig	staring
nagtitigan	staring
nagtitiis	enduring
nagtitikom	collecting
nagtitimbang	weighing
nagtitimpi	holding back
nagtitinda	seller
nagtitinginan	looking at each other
nagtitipid	thrifty
nagtitipon	gathering
nagtitipun	gathering
nagtitira	remaining
nagtitiwala	trusting
Nagtitiwala 	Trusting 
nagtitiwalang	trustingly
nagtitiwalaʼt	trusting
nagtitiyaga	persevering
nagtitiyagang	patient
nagtiwala	trusted
nagtiyaga	persevered
nagtrabaho	working
nagtrabahong	worked
nagtraydor	betrayed
nagtsitsismisan	gossiped
nagtubo	growing
nagtulak	pushed
nagtuli	circumcised
nagtuloy	continued
nagtulungan	worked together
nagtungo	went
nagturing	considered
nagturo	taught
nagtutugtugan	snoring
nagtutulak	pushing
nagtutulakan	pushing
nagtutulungan	working together
nagtutumulin	rushing
nagtutungkod	standing
nagtuturo	teaching
nagtuturong	teaching
nagtutuwid	correcting
nagtuwid	straight
nagudyok	motivated
nagugali	conversation
nagugat	bitten
nagugol	spent
nagugugol	expendable
nagugulo	confused
naguguluhan	confused
nagugulumihanan	confused
nagugumon	confused
nagugunita	reminiscing
nagugupiling	being restrained
nagugupitan	being cut
nagugustuhan	likes
nagugutom	hungry
naguho	fallen
Nagulantang	Shocked
nagulat	surprised
nagulo	confused
naguluhan	confused
nagulumihanan	confused
Nagulungan	Confused
nagumon	hooked
nagunat	stretched
nagunita	remembered
nagunitang	as usual
nagupiling	fell
nagupo	overthrow
nagusig	main
nagusisa	boss
nagustuhan	liked
nagutom	hungry
nagutos	ordered
naguudyok	motivated
naguuga	shaking
naguugaling	getting used to
naguugat	taking root
naguuhay	ear
naguumaga	morning
naguunat	stretching
naguunawa	understands
naguupasala	regretful
naguurong	keepeth
naguusap	talked
naguusapin	talked about
naguusisang	curious
naguutos	ordered
naguwi	returned home
nagwagi	winner
nagwakas	ended
nagwala	lost
nagwalang	lost
nagwasak	destroyed
nagwawagi	winning
nagwawakas	ending
nagwawaksi	dismissing
nagwawala	losing
nagwawalang	disappearing
nagwawaldas	squandering
nagwika	spoke
nagwisik	sprinkled
nagwiwika	he sounds
nagwiwisik	spattering
nagyabang	boasted
nagyaya	cheered
nagyayabang	boastful
nagyayakap	hugging
nagyayaya	inviting
nagyeyelo	freezing
nagyukod	bowed
Nah	Now
nahabag	pitied
Nahabi	Woven
nahadlangan	obstructed
nahagis	thrown
nahagisan	thrown
nahagupit	whipped
nahahabag	pitiful
nahahabi	nahahabi
nahahadlangan	obstructed
nahahakbang	stepping
nahahalata	visible
nahahalo	mixed
nahahaluan	mixed
nahahamugan	is being searched
nahahanay	aligned
nahahanda	ready
nahahandang	ready
nahahandusay	lying down
nahahapak	burst
nahahapay	staggers
nahahapis	sad
nahaharap	facing
nahahasik	sown
nahahasikan	sown
nahahati	divided
nahahatulan	convicted
nahahawakan	tangible
nahahayag	revealed
nahalal	elected
nahalata	perceived
Nahaliel	Nahaliel
nahalina	fascinated
nahalo	mixed
Nahalol	Crazy
nahaluan	mixed
nahalubilo	mixed up
nahalungkat	rummaged through
Naham	Naham
Nahamani	Nahamani
nahanap	found
nahanda	ready
nahandusay	I was bored.
nahanginan	blown away
nahapak	rent
nahapay	desolated
nahapis	skin
nahaplusan	touched
Naharai	Naharai
Naharaim	Naharaim
Nahari	Lasted
Nahas	Unfortunate
nahasa	sharpened
Nahash	Nahash
nahasik	sown
Nahason	Nahshon
Nahat	Skins
Nahath	Nahath
nahati	divided
nahating	divided
nahatulan	convicted
nahatulang	convicted
nahawa	infected
nahawakan	touched
nahawan	cleared
nahawi	divided
nahayag	revealed
nahiga	lie down
nahigaan	lay down
nahigan	lay
nahigang	laid
nahigitan	surpassed
Nahihibang	Delirious
nahihiga	lying down
nahihigang	lying down
nahihikayat	persuaded
nahihila	being pulled
nahihilig	inclined
nahihimbing	fast asleep
nahihimlay	lying down
nahihingi	requested
nahihinog	ripening
nahihinto	stops
nahihipo	tangible
nahihirapan	having difficulty
nahihirapang	struggling
nahihitik	excited
nahihiwalay	separated
nahihiya	shy
nahihiyang	shy
nahihiyasan	adorned
nahikayat	persuaded
nahimok	driven
nahingi	requested
nahinog	ripe
nahintakutan	scared
nahinto	stopped
nahipan	blown
nahipo	touched
nahiram	borrowed
nahirang	elected
nahirapan	had difficulty
nahiwalay	separated
nahiya	embarrassed
nahiyang	embarrassed
Nahor	Up
nahubaran	stripped naked
nahubarang	uncovered
nahubdan	Nahubdan
nahugasan	washed
nahugot	pulled out
nahuhong	poured out
nahuhugasan	washable
Nahuhukay	Excavated
nahuhuli	late
nahuhuling	late
nahuhulog	falling
nahuhumaling	obsessed
nahuhutok	trained
nahuhuwad	counterfeit
Nahukay	Excavated
nahukot	slouch
nahulaan	guessed
nahuli	caught
nahuling	caught
nahulog	FALL
nahulugan	understood
Nahum	Nahum
nahumaling	obsessed
nahusay	SETTLED
nahusgahan	judged
naiabot	reached
naialay	offered
naiayos	fixed
naibabaling	turned
naibalik	restored
naibalita	reported
naibalot	were packaged
naibaon	sent
naibayad	paid
naibibigay	given
naibigan	in love
naibigay	given
naibsan	relieved
naibubuhos	pouring
naibubukod	excludable
naibuhos	poured
naibuka	opened
naibukod	excluded
naibulalas	uttered
naibunsod	motivated
naibuwal	destroyed
naidampi	hateful
naidaos	held
naidudulot	caused
naidugtong	being appended
naigapos	were imprisoned
naigawa	naigawa
naigiba	naigiba
naigibang	gone
naigugupo	destructible
naigulong	naigulong
naihagis	thrown
naihahanda	being prepared
naihahandog	offered
naihahayag	revealed
naihain	served
naihalal	naihalal
naihanda	prepared
naihandog	offered
naiharap	presented
naihasik	sown
naihiwalay	separated
naihulog	dropped
naiiba	different
naiidlip	dozing
naiimpok	saved
naiingatan	preserved
naiinggit	envied
naiinip	bored
Naiinis	Disgusted
naiinitan	heated
naiinom	drinkable
naiintindihan	understood
naiintindihin	understandable
naiipit	stuck
naiipon	accumulated
naiipong	accumulated
naiisip	conceivable
naiisip 	conceivable 
naiiwan	left behind
naiiyak	crying
naikabit	attached
naikakabit	naikakabit
nailabas	released
nailagan	avoided
nailagay	placed
nailalagay	placed
nailalaglag	dropping
nailibing	buried
nailigaw	misled
nailigpit	saved
nailigtas	saved
naililibid	hidden
naililibing	buried
naililigtas	saved
naililipat	transferable
nailipat	transferred
nailista	listed
nailuwa	disappointed
naimbitahan	invited
naimpeksiyon	infected
Nain	Nain
naingatan	preserved
nainggit	envied
nainip	bored
nainis	bored
nainitan	heated
nainom	nainom
naintindihan	understood
naipaalam	informed
naipaaninaw	make known
naipadama	made felt
naipagbili	sold
naipagbiling	sold
naipagdiwang	celebrated
naipaghanda	prepared
naipagiba	demolished
naipagkakaloob	granted
naipagkanulo	betrayed
naipagpapatuloy	continued
naipagtatagumpay	succeeded
naipagtatanggol	defensible
naipagtrabaho	been employed
naipahamak	ruined
naipahayag	announced
naipakilala	introduced
naipakita	shown
naipako	nailed
naipaligo	bathed
naipaliwanag	explained
naipamalita	been reported
naipamamanhik	begging
Naipang	Naipang
naipangako	promised
naipangakong	promised
naipangalat	scattered
naipangangako	promised
naipangaral	naipangaral
naipapaayos	repairable
naipapahamak	doomed
naipapakita	demonstrable
Naipapaliwanag	Explainable
naipapangaral	preached
naiparinig	heard
naipasakop	submitted
naipasiya	decided
naipasok	entered
naipatapos	completed
naipatawad	forgiven
naipatayo	built
naipit	stuck
naipon	accumulated
naipong	accumulated
naiporma	form
nairolyo	nairoli
nais	want
nais 	want 
Naisaayos	Fixed
naisagawa	completed
naisakatuparan	accomplished
naisaloob	embedded
naisampa	filed
naisasagawa	feasible
naisasakatuparan	accomplished
naisasalin	translatable
naisi	women
naisiksik	naissik
naisilang	born
naisin	wish
naising	wanted
naisip	thought
naisipan	thought about
naisipang	thought
naisulat	written
naisumbong	reported
naisusuot	wearable
naitaas	raised
naitaboy	driven away
naitago	hidden
naitakas	naitakas
naitakda	set
naitakdang	scheduled
naitala	recorded
naitalaga	assigned
naitali	tied
naitanim	implanted
naitanong	asked
naitapon	thrown away
naitatag	established
naitatago	hidden
naitatalaga	assignable
Naitatali	Tied up
naitatanim	can be planted
naitatanong	questionable
naitatatag	established
naitatayo	being built
naitatayong	erect
naitawad	forgiven
naitayo	built
naitirik	naitirik
naititiklop	naititiklop
naitulong	helped
naituring	naituring
naitutulong	helpful
naituwid	corrected
naiwala	lost
naiwan	left behind
naiwanan	left behind
naiwang	left behind
naiwasan	avoided
Najoth	Najoth
naka	on
nakaaalam	knowing
nakaabang	waiting
nakaabot	OFF
nakaagaw	stole
nakaahon	got out
nakaakit	attractive
nakaakyat	climbed
nakaalaala	remembered
nakaalala	remembered
nakaalam	knew
nakaalis	gone
nakaaliw	entertaining
nakaamba	on the verge
nakaangat	raised
nakaangkin	owned
nakaarko	arched
nakaarkong	vaulted
nakababa	down
nakababad	soaked
nakababagot	boring
nakababahala	worrying
nakababakod	fortified
nakababalaghan	disturbing
nakababalik	returning
nakababaling	turning
nakababalot	covereth
nakababata	younger
nakababatang	younger
nakababatid	aware
nakabahagi	shared
nakabalabal	cloaked
Nakabalatkayo	disguise
nakabalik	returned
nakabalita	heard
nakabalitang	heard that
nakabalot	wrapped
nakabanat	stretched
nakabangon	got up
nakabantay	HAVE
nakabaon	buried
nakabarat	cheap
nakabasa	read
nakabaston	cane
nakabatay	based on
nakabawi	recovered
nakabayad	paid
nakabigat	heavy
nakabigkis	bound
nakabihag	captured
nakabihis	dressed
nakabilad	exposed
nakabilang	included
nakabilanggo	imprisoned
nakabili	purchased
nakabilot	rolls
nakabingit	hanging
nakabit	attached
nakabitaw	released
nakabitin	hanging
nakabubusog	hearty
nakabubuti	beneficial
nakabuka	open
nakabukadkad	open
nakabukang	open
nakabukas	open
nakabukod	isolated
Nakabulagta	Distracted
nakabulagtang	lying
nakabunton	overwhelmed
nakabuntong	full of
nakabuo	developed
nakabuti	good
nakabuwal	fallen
nakadaan	past
nakadaiti	joining
Nakadakip	Arrested
nakadakot	caught
nakadalawang	two-sided
nakadama	felt
nakadamit	dressed
nakadapa	on all fours
nakadapang	prone
nakadapo	perched
nakadepende	dependent
nakadikit	glued
nakadilat	open
nakadipa	sprawled
nakadudurog	pieces
nakadugtong	connected
nakadulog	reclining
Nakagaanan	It's light.
nakagagaling	healing
nakagagalit	annoying
nakagagawa	able to do
nakagalaw	moving
nakaganap	fulfilled
nakaganti	retaliated
nakagapos	bound
nakagat	bitten
nakagawa	nakagawa
nakagawad	forth
nakagawian	habitual
nakagayak	decorated
nakagayuma	enchanting
nakagitaw	notable
nakagrupo	grouped
nakaguhit	drawn
nakaguho	ruined
nakahagis	thrown
nakahahadlang	hindering
nakahalili	substitute
nakahalo	mixed
Nakahambalang	Disturbing
nakahanay	aligned
nakahanda	ready
nakahandang	ready
nakahandusay	lying down
nakahantong	leading
nakahapay	canted
nakaharang	blocked
nakaharap	facing
nakahati	divided
nakahawak	holding
nakahelmet	wearing a helmet
nakahiga	lying down
nakahigang	lying down
nakahihigit	superior
nakahihiya	shameful
nakahihiyang	shameful
Nakahikaw	Deprived
nakahila	drew
nakahilera	parallel
nakahilig	leaning
nakahimlay	lying down
nakahimpil	stationed
nakahinang	welded
nakahipo	touches
nakahiwalay	isolated
nakahubad	naked
nakahubo	naked
nakahukay	dug
nakahula	predicted
nakahuli	caught
nakaiinip	bored
nakailag	avoided
nakaimbak	stored
nakaimik	silent
nakain	eaten
nakaing	slightly
nakainom	drunk
nakaipon	accumulated
nakairap	difficult
nakaisip	thought of
nakaiwas	avoided
nakaka	can
nakakaakit	attractive
nakakaakyat	climbing
nakakaalala	remembering
nakakaalam	knows
nakakaalis	able to leave
nakakaaliw	entertaining
nakakaamoy	smelly
nakakaanim	sixth
nakakaarok	insightful
nakakaawa	pitiful
nakakaawang	pitiful
nakakabagot	boring
nakakabalik	returning
nakakabalita	newsworthy
nakakabangon	getting up
Nakakabasa	Readable
nakakabayo	on horseback
nakakabigat	burdensome
nakakabit	attached
nakakabitan	attached
nakakabusog	satisfying
nakakabuti	good
nakakadaan	passing by
nakakadena	chained
nakakadenahan	chained
nakakadenang	chained
nakakadungis	defiling
nakakaganti	vindictive
nakakagapang	creepy
nakakagawa	able to do
Nakakahanap	Finding
nakakahawa	contagious
nakakahawak	touching
nakakahawang	contagious
nakakahigit	more than enough
nakakahimatay	fainting
nakakahiya	embarrassing
nakakahiyang	embarrassing
nakakain	edible
nakakainis	annoying
nakakainom	drinkable
nakakaintindi	understandable
nakakaisip	thought-provoking
nakakaiwas	avoidable
nakakakain	edible
nakakakila	amazing
nakakakilabot	terrible
nakakakilala	familiar
nakakakilos	moving
nakakakita	seeing
nakakakitang	visible
nakakalabas	able to go out
nakakalakad	able to walk
nakakalamang	advantageous
nakakalampas	able to pass
nakakalapit	close
nakakalasa	delicious
nakakalasing	intoxicating
nakakalason	poisonous
nakakalasong	poisonous
nakakalat	scattered
nakakalayo	far away
nakakalbo	bald
nakakalbong	bald
nakakaligtas	lifesaving
nakakalimot	forgetful
nakakalimutan	forgetful
nakakalingat	evasive
nakakalinis	clean
nakakalipad	able to fly
nakakalipas	past
nakakalugod	pleasant
nakakaluha	tearful
nakakalungkot	sad
nakakalunos	pathetic
nakakalupkupan	inlaid
nakakalusot	able to get through
nakakamalig	storehouse
nakakamangha	amazing
nakakamanghang	amazing
nakakamatay	deadly
nakakamit	achieved
nakakamkam	grabbing
nakakamtan	achieved
nakakamukha	similar
nakakandado	locked
nakakandaduhan	locked
nakakangilo	annoying
nakakapag	able
nakakapagbago	transformative
nakakapagbigay	giving
nakakapaghandog	able to offer
nakakapaghiganti	vengeful
nakakapaghugas	can wash
nakakapaglinis	can clean
nakakapagod	tiring
nakakapagpaalsa	fermentable
nakakapagpaamo	tame
nakakapagpabagsak	devastating
nakakapagpabanal	sanctifying
nakakapagpadapa	frustrating
nakakapagpagalit	irritating
nakakapagpahayag	expressive
nakakapagpalipat	transferable
nakakapagpalit	exchangeable
nakakapagparumi	polluting
nakakapagpasan	bearable
nakakapagpasaya	enjoyable
nakakapagpasigla	invigorating
nakakapagpatuloy	able to continue
nakakapagpigil	restraining
nakakapagpugad	nesting
nakakapagsalita	able to speak
nakakapagsaya	fun
nakakapagtago	able to hide
nakakapagtaka	amazing
nakakapagtrabaho	able to work
nakakapaligo	bathing
nakakapamugad	refreshing
nakakapamuno	commanding
nakakapandiri	disgusting
nakakapandiring	shocking
nakakapanghina	exhausting
nakakapanghula	predictable
nakakapangilabot	terrifying
nakakapanloko	deceptive
nakakapaso	burning
nakakapasok	able to enter
nakakapasong	scorching
nakakapatay	deadly
nakakapawi	soothing
nakakaperwisyo	harmful
nakakapigil	deterrent
nakakapinsala	harmful
nakakapit	clinging
nakakapitas	catchy
nakakapunta	able to go
nakakaraan	ago
nakakaranas	experiencing
nakakarating	arriving
nakakarinig	hearing
nakakarwahe	carriage
nakakasagot	responsive
nakakasakop	covering
nakakasaliksik	researchable
nakakasalo	sharing
nakakasalubsob	devastating
nakakasama	harmful
nakakasawang	boring
nakakasikip	cramped
nakakasilaw	dazzling
nakakasindak	terrifying
nakakasiping	interesting
nakakasira	damaging
nakakasirang	destructive
nakakasiyasat	interesting
nakakasugat	hurtful
nakakasuklam	disgusting
nakakasumpong	finding
nakakasunog	flammable
nakakataas	lifting
nakakataho	surprising
nakakatakip	covering
nakakatakot	scary
nakakatalo	defeating
nakakatanggap	receiving
nakakatapos	finished
Nakakatawa	Funny
nakakatawid	crossable
nakakatikim	tasty
nakakatira	living
nakakatisod	stumbling
nakakatiyak	sure
nakakatugon	meets
nakakatulad	similar
nakakatulog	asleep
nakakatulong	helpful
nakakatupok	consuming
nakakatuwid	correct
nakakaulinig	audible
nakakaunawa	understanding
nakakausap	can talk
nakakauwi	homecoming
nakakawa	beautiful
nakakawala	loose
nakakawangis	similar
Nakakayamot	Annoying
nakakayanig	shocking
nakakikilala	familiar
nakakikita	visible
nakakilala	met
nakakitang	seen
nakakrus	nakakrus
nakakubli	hidden
nakakubling	hidden
nakakuha	got
nakakukubli	hidden
nakakulong	imprisoned
nakakurba	curved
nakalaan	reserved
nakalaang	dedicated
nakalabag	violated
nakalaban	fought
nakalabas	out
nakalag	freed
nakalagak	deposited
nakalagay	placed
nakalakad	walked
nakalaki	Nakalaki
nakalakip	attached
nakalalabas	coming out
nakalalasing	intoxicating
nakalamang	advantageous
nakalampas	passed
nakalapat	applied
nakalapit	close
nakalarawan	illustrated
nakalas	Destroyed
nakalasap	tasted
nakalat	scattered
nakalatag	lying down
nakalatan	spread
nakalawit	hanging
nakalaya	freed
nakalaylay	hanging down
nakalayo	away
nakalbo	bald
nakalibid	entangled
nakalibing	buried
nakalibot	surrounded
nakaligid	rolling
nakaligtaan	missed
nakaligtaang	overlooked
nakaligtas	survived
nakalihis	deviated
nakalikha	created
nakalikom	collected
nakaliligtas	saving
nakalilinlang	deceptive
nakalilis	eloquent
nakalimbag	printed
nakalimot	FORGET
nakalimutan	forgotten
nakalimutang	forgotten
Nakalingat	Overlooked
nakalinyang	aligned
nakalipas	past
nakalista	listed
nakalitaw	appeared
nakalubog	submerged
nakalugmok	fallen
nakalugod	pleased
nakaluhod	kneeling
nakaluklok	seated
nakalukob	resting
nakalulugod	pleasing
nakalupasay	lying down
nakalusong	steppeth
nakalusot	escaped
nakamamatay	deadly
nakamana	inherited
nakamasid	observing
nakamatay	slayer
nakamit	achieved
nakamtan	achieved
nakamumuhi	hateful
nakanganga	gaping
nakangangalay	annoying
nakangiti	smiling
nakangiwi	grimacing
nakapaa	barefoot
nakapag	able
nakapagbalik	returned
nakapagbalita	reported
nakapagbalot	wrapped
nakapagbibigay	giving
nakapagbigay	gave
nakapagbunton	piled up
nakapagdadala	able to carry
nakapagdala	brought
nakapagdamit	dressed
Nakapagdesisyon	Decided
nakapagdiwang	celebrated
nakapagdudulot	causing
nakapaggayak	arrayed
nakapaghahandog	able to offer
nakapaghanda	prepared
nakapaghasik	sown
nakapaghayag	able
nakapaghiganti	avenged
nakapaghugas	washed
nakapaghuhugas	able to wash
nakapagimbot	gotten
nakapagitan	in between
nakapagkasala	Causing
nakapagkubli	hidden
nakapaglagay	able to put
nakapaglakbay	able to travel
nakapaglalakbay	able to travel
nakapaglalatag	able to spread
nakapaglalayag	able to sail
nakapaglapat	inflict
nakapaglayag	sailed
nakapagligtas	saved
nakapagliligtas	life-saving
nakapaglilinis	cleansing
nakapaglinis	cleaned
Nakapagmamalaki	Proud
nakapagpabalik	brought back
nakapagpadala	able to send
nakapagpagaling	curative
nakapagpagalit	angered
nakapagpahinga	relaxed
nakapagpalakas	empowering
nakapagpalasing	intoxicating
Nakapagpalayas	Expelling
nakapagpalit	able to change
nakapagpalugod	pleased
nakapagpalumbay	depressing
nakapagpangilabot	caused
nakapagpapababa	humiliating
nakapagpapagaling	healing
nakapagpapagalit	irritating
nakapagpapahamak	injurious
nakapagpapahilagpos	could
nakapagpapakulo	boiling
nakapagpapalago	growth-promoting
nakapagpapalakas	invigorating
Nakapagpapalayas	drives
nakapagpapaligaw	misleading
Nakapagpapaliwanag	Explaining
nakapagpapaliyab	incendiary
nakapagpapalugod	please
Nakapagpapalungkot	Sad
nakapagpapapawis	sweaty
nakapagpaparangal	honorable
nakapagpaparumi	unclean
nakapagpapasaya	enjoyable
nakapagpapasigla	inspiring
nakapagpapasuko	subdues
nakapagpapatatag	stabilizing
nakapagpapatigil	stopping
nakapagpapatisod	offend
nakapagpapatuloy	able to continue
nakapagpapaunawa	understandable
nakapagpasigla	inspiring
nakapagpasya	decided
nakapagpatakot	scary
nakapagpatayo	dry
nakapagpatibay	strengthened
nakapagpatuloy	continued
nakapagpatunay	proven
nakapagpigil	prevented
nakapagpipigil	restraining
nakapagplano	planned
nakapagsabi	able to say
nakapagsalita	able to speak
nakapagsalitang	able to speak
nakapagsangla	mortgaged
nakapagsasalita	able to speak
nakapagsuot	able to wear
nakapagtago	managed to hide
nakapagtaka	amazed
nakapagtanim	planted
nakapagtatago	able to hide
nakapagtataka	amazing
nakapagtayo	built
nakapagtipon	gathered
nakapagturo	educated
nakapagudyok	motivated
nakapagyayabang	boastful
nakapaikot	spinning
nakapailalim	underlying
nakapakinig	listening
nakapako	nailed
nakapakong	crucified
nakapalamuti	encrusted
nakapalamuting	decorative
nakapalibot	surrounding
nakapalibot 	surrounding 
nakapaligid	surrounding
nakapaligo	took a bath
nakapaloob	enclosed
nakapamamahala	able to manage
nakapamatok	knocked
nakapamuhay	lived
nakapamunga	fruit
nakapanamit	clothed
nakapanata	made me swear
nakapandidiring	gruesome
nakapangako	committed
nakapangalan	named
nakapanganak	born
nakapanghiganti	avenged
nakapanghihina	tiring
nakapangingilabot	terrifying
Nakapangutang	ran
nakapanira	man causes
nakapansin	noticed
nakapantay	aligned
nakapapanhik	uplifting
nakapapasok	entered
nakapapawi	soothing
Nakaparada	Parked
nakaparte	shared
nakapasok	entered
nakapatay	killed
nakapatong	superimposed
nakapigil	restrained
nakapikit	closed eyes
Nakapila	Queued
nakapipigil	inhibiting
nakapisan	gathered
nakapit	attached
nakapon	captured
nakapopoot	HATEFUL
Nakapulang	Red
nakapulupot	coiled
nakapuno	filled
nakapunta	been there
Nakapuputi	gather
nakaputi	white
nakapuwesto	in place
nakapwesto	in place
nakar	after that
nakaraan	past
nakaraang	previous
nakaramdam	felt
nakaranas	experienced
nakararaa	passing by
nakararami	mostly
nakararating	arriving
nakaratay	bedridden
nakarating	arrived
nakarinig	heard
nakaririnig	hearing
nakarolyo	roll
nakarolyong	rolled up
nakarugtong	ultimately connected
nakasaad	stated
nakasabit	hanging
nakasabog	exploded
nakasadlak	stuck
nakasagot	answered
nakasagupa	encountered
nakasagwan	paddled
nakasakay	on board
nakasakbat	armed
nakasakit	hurtful
nakasakop	caught
nakasaksak	plugged in
nakasaksi	witnessed
nakasalalay	depends
nakasalang	stuck
nakasalansan	stacked
Nakasalo	Shared
nakasalubong	met
nakasama	included
Nakasamsam	It's been looted
Nakasanayan	Accustomed
nakasandal	leaning
nakasandalyas	wearing sandals
nakasandig	leaning
nakasara	closed
nakasarado	closed
nakasasabik	exciting
nakasasakop	covering
nakasasama	harmful
nakasayad	on the ground
nakasigaw	screaming
Nakasikat	shone
nakasilip	peeking
nakasilong	sheltered
nakasimangot	frowning
nakasindi	lit
nakasinding	lit
nakasingil	were unable
nakasinturon	belted
nakasiping	quoted
nakasisiguro	assured
nakasisilaw	dazzling
Nakasisindak	Terrifying
nakasisiping	having sex
nakasisiyasat	investigative
nakasubasob	upside down
nakasubaybay	up to date
nakasubsob	prostrate
nakasukbit	tucked in
nakasuksok	tucked in
nakasulat	written
nakasumpong	found
nakasundo	agreed
nakasunod	followed
nakasunog	burned
nakasuot	wearing
nakasusi	hast
nakasusing	locked
nakasuson	breastfed
nakasusuklam	disgusting
nakasusumpong	surprising
nakasusunog	burning
nakasuwag	broken
nakataas	elevated
nakatabi	aside
nakatabing	covered
nakatabon	covered
nakatagal	long-lasting
nakatagilid	sideways
nakatago	hidden
nakatagong	hidden
nakatagpo	encountered
nakatahan	settled
nakatakas	escaped
nakatakbo	ran
nakatakda	set
nakatakdang	scheduled
nakatakip	covered
nakatakot	terrified
nakatala	recorded
nakatalaga	assigned
nakatalagang	assigned
nakatalang	recorded
nakatali	tied
nakatalik	having sex
nakatalikod	turned away
nakataling	tied up
nakatalo	defeated
nakatalukbong	veiled
nakatambang	ambushed
nakatambay	hanging out
nakatanan	escaped
nakatanang	previous
nakatanaw	looking
nakatangan	in charge
nakatanggap	received
nakatanggi	refused
nakatanim	planted
nakatapos	completed
nakatataas	superior
nakatatag	established
nakatatagal	long-lasting
nakatataho	unknown
nakatatak	impressive
nakatatakip	covering
nakatatakot	scary
nakatatalastas	aware
nakatatali	tied
nakatatalos	insightful
nakatatanan	escaped
nakatatanda	elder
nakatatandang	older
nakatatanto	realizing
nakatatawag	calling
nakatawid	crossed
nakatay	slaughtered
nakataya	at stake
nakatayo	standing
Nakatayo 	Standing 
nakatayong	standing
nakatigil	stationary
nakatihaya	lying down
nakatikim	tasted
nakatiklop	folded
nakatindig	standing
nakatingala	looking up
nakatingin	looking
nakatipon	gathered
nakatira	live
nakatirang	resident
nakatitig	staring
nakatitik	written
nakatitiyak	certain
nakatiwangwang	deserted
Nakatrangka	locked
nakatuklas	discovered
nakatukod	built
nakatulog	fell asleep
nakatulong	helped
nakatumpok	piled up
nakatunghay	looking up
nakatungkod	standing
nakatungo	bent over
nakatuntong	standing
nakatuon	focused
nakatupi	folded
nakaturban	turbaned
nakaturbante	turbaned
nakaturing	considered
nakaturo	pointing
nakatusok	piercing
nakatutok	focused
nakatutol	findings
nakatutugtog	playing
nakaugalian	customary
nakaugaliang	customary
nakaugnay	linked
nakaukit	engraved
nakaumang	pointed
nakaunan	bed
nakaunat	stretched
nakaunawa	understood
nakauniporme	in uniform
nakaupo	sitting
nakaupong	sitting
nakausap	talked to
nakausli	protruding
nakausling	protruding
nakauunawa	understandable
nakauwi	returned home
nakaw	stolen
nakawala	lost
nakawan	robbed
nakawangis	likeness
nakawin	steal
nakay	there is
nakaya	managed
nakayakap	hugging
nakayanan	coped
nakayang	able
nakayapak	barefoot
nakayayamot	annoying
nakayuko	bowed down
Nakayukong	Crouched
Nakayukyok	Crouching
nakiahon	There went
nakialam	intervened
nakianib	involved
nakiapid	committed adultery
nakibagay	he adapted
nakibahagi	participated
nakibaka	struggled
nakidigma	warred
nakigalak	shared
nakigaya	agreed
nakihabol	pursued
Nakihalo	Mixed
Nakihalubilo	Mixed
nakihati	divided
nakiisa	united
nakiisang	united
nakiiyak	crying
nakikain	eaten
nakikampi	nakikampi
nakikialam	interfering
nakikiapid	committing adultery
nakikibagay	adapting
nakikibahagi	participating
nakikibaka	struggling
nakikidamay	sympathetic
nakikigalak	rejoicing
nakikihalubilo	socializing
nakikiinom	drinking
nakikiisa	united
nakikikamay	shaking hands
nakikilaban	fighting
nakikilakip	attached
nakikilala	recognizable
nakikilalang	recognizable
nakikilos	moving
nakikinabang	beneficial
nakikinig	listening
nakikintal	impressed
nakikipag	talking
nakikipagaway	fighting
nakikipagbaka	fighting
nakikipagbarkada	making friends
nakikipagbuno	wrestling
nakikipagdigma	at war
nakikipagdigmang	at war
nakikipagdiskusyon	discussing
nakikipaghalikan	kissing
nakikipagkaibigan	making friends
nakikipagkaisa	united
nakikipagkalakal	trading
nakikipagkalakalan	trading
nakikipagkasundo	negotiating
nakikipagkatipon	gathering
nakikipagkatuwa	having fun
nakikipagkatuwiranan	reasoning
nakikipagkita	meeting
nakikipaglaban	fighting
nakikipaglaro	playing
nakikipaglibing	burying
nakikipagpalitan	exchanging
nakikipagpaliwanagan	explaining
nakikipagpiging	feasting
nakikipagpulong	meeting
nakikipagpunyagi	struggling
nakikipagrelasyon	in a relationship
nakikipagsabwatan	colluding
nakikipagsalitaan	talking to each other
nakikipagsanggunian	consulting
nakikipagsiping	having sex
nakikipagtalik	having sex
nakikipagtalo	arguing
nakikipagtipan	dating
nakikipagusap	talking
nakikipagusapin	talking
nakikipamayan	settling down
nakikipamayang	peace-loving
nakikipanayam	interviewing
nakikipanirahan	living together
nakikipantay	equal
nakikipanuluyan	sharing accommodation
nakikiramay	sympathetic
nakikisalamuha	socializing
nakikisali	participating
nakikisalo	sharing
nakikisama	socializing
nakikisamihan	interacting
nakikisamihang	interacting
nakikisangkot	involved
nakikita	visible
nakikitakbong	visible
nakikitang	visible
nakikitira	living
nakikitulog	sleeping
nakikituloy	staying
nakikitungo	dealing
nakikiusap	begging
nakilakip	attached
nakilala	met
nakilalang	known
nakilos	nakilos
nakinabang	benefited
nakinig	listened
nakintal	impressed
nakipag	engaged
nakipagaglahian	had a quarrel
nakipagbaka	fought
nakipagbuno	wrestled
nakipagdamdam	felt sorry for
nakipagdebate	debated
nakipagdigma	went to war
nakipagdigmaan	went to war
nakipagdigmang	went to war
nakipagdiskusyon	discussed
nakipagdiwang	celebrated
Nakipaghiwalay	Separated
nakipaghusay	improved
nakipagkaalit	quarreled
nakipagkaibigan	made friends
nakipagkaisa	united
nakipagkalakalan	traded
nakipagkamaganak	have children
nakipagkamay	shook hands
nakipagkasira	broke up
nakipagkasundo	agreed
nakipagkasundong	agreed
nakipagkasunduan	agreed
nakipagkatuwiranan	reasoned
nakipagkayari	made a deal
nakipagkita	met
nakipagkwentuhan	chatted
nakipaglaban	fought
nakipaglabang	fought
nakipaglibing	buried
nakipagmatuwiran	reasoned
nakipagpaliwanagan	discussed
nakipagpayapaan	made peace
nakipagpulong	met
nakipagpunyagi	struggled
nakipagrelasyon	had a relationship
nakipagsabwatan	conspired
nakipagsalitaan	talked to each other
nakipagsanggunian	consulted
nakipagsiksikan	crowded together
nakipagsiksikang	engaged in a conversation
nakipagtagpo	met
nakipagtalik	had sex
nakipagtalo	argued
nakipagtipan	made an appointment
nakipagtuligsaan	disputed
nakipagtulungan	collaborated
nakipagusap	talked
nakipamayan	settled
nakipanirahan	settled
nakipanuluyan	stayed overnight
nakiparoon	went there
nakipisan	narrowed
nakipisang	united
nakiramay	sympathized
nakisabay	kept up
nakisalamuha	met
nakisalo	participated
nakisama	got together
nakisamang	joined
nakisamba	worshipped
nakita	seen
nakita 	seen 
nakitaan	seen
nakitang	seen
nakitaʼt	saw
nakitira	lived
nakitulad	similar
nakituloy	continued
nakiumpok	sat
nakiupo	sat down
nakiusap	begged
naknakin	nanakin
nakokontento	satisfied
nakolekta	COLLECTED
nakolektang	collected
nakonsensya	guilty
nakontento	satisfied
Naku	Oh my
nakubkob	besieged
nakubli	even though
nakuha	got
nakuhang	obtained
nakukuba	and he struck you
nakukubkob	under siege
nakukubli	hidden
nakukubling	hidden
nakukuha	getting
nakukulayan	colored
nakukulong	imprisoned
nakukunan	lost
nakukutaan	fortified
nakukutaang	fortified
nakulangan	lacking
nakulitan	annoyed
nakulong	imprisoned
nakumbinsi	convinced
nakunan	captured
nakuntento	satisfied
nalabas	released
nalabi	leftover
nalabing	leftover
nalabnot	diluted
nalabusaw	leaked
naladlad	exposed
nalaganapan	nalganapan
nalagas	fallen
nalagasan	fallen
nalagay	placed
nalagda	stable
nalagdaan	signed
nalagi	steady
nalagim	nalagim
nalaglag	fallen
nalagot	Irritated
nalagpak	come down
nalagpakan	fallen
nalagpasan	exceeded
nalagutan	lost
nalagyan	placed
nalakad	walked
nalakaran	nalakaran
nalakip	INCLUDED
nalalaban	combative
nalalabi	remainder
nalalabing	remaining
nalaladrillohan	drilled
nalalagas	falling apart
nalalagay	placed
nalalaglag	falling
nalalagot	annoying
nalalagutan	sloppy
nalalagyan	located
nalalait	disgraced
nalalakip	attached
nalalaman	known
nalalamang	known
nalalambungan	veiled
nalalamon	being swallowed
nalalanghap	inhaled
nalalanta	withering
nalalantad	exposed
nalalantang	withered
nalalaong	late
nalalapag	landing
nalalapastangan	blasphemous
nalalapat	applies
nalalapit	imminent
nalalarawan	descriptive
Nalalasahan	Tasteful
nalalasap	delicious
nalalasing	drunk
nalalatag	lying down
nalalatagan	covered
nalalayo	distant
nalaman	found out
nalamang	found out
nalamon	swallowed up
nalango	drunk
nalansag	dissolved
nalanta	withered
nalantad	exposed
nalaon	naláon
nalapa	nalapa
nalapastangan	violated
nalapat	subtle
nalapit	approached
nalasahan	tasted
nalasap	tasted
nalasing	drunk
nalayo	far away
nalebadurahang	leavened
nalibing	buried
Nalibot	Toured
naligalig	troubled
naligaw	lost
naligid	rolled
naligo	BATHING
naligtas	saved
nalihim	secret
nalihis	deviated
nalikha	created
nalikom	proceeds
nalilibid	entangled
nalilibing	buried
nalilibot	touring
naliligalig	troubled
naliligaw	lost
naliligaya	happy
naliligayang	happy
naliligid	surrounded
naliligiran	surrounded
naliligo	taking a bath
naliligtas	saved
nalilihim	secretive
nalilihis	deviated
nalilikha	created
nalilikom	collected
nalililiman	overshadowed
naliliman	shaded
nalilimas	cleared
nalilimutan	forgotten
nalilingid	hidden
nalilinis	cleanable
nalilinlang	deceived
nalilipol	extinct
nalilipos	exhausted
nalilis	nalilis
nalilisiya	satisfied
nalilitis	under trial
nalilito	confused
naliliwanagan	enlightened
nalimot	forgot
nalimutan	forgotten
nalingid	hidden
nalinis	cleaned
nalinlang	deceived
nalinsad	dislocated
nalipol	extinct
nalisya	hast not gone astray
nalitaw	nalitaw
nalito	confused
naliwanagan	enlightened
naloko	fooled
naloloko	being fooled
nalubog	sunken
nalubos	completed
naluging	lost
nalugmok	collapsed
nalugod	pleased
nalugunan	the narugunan
nalukuban	possessed
nalulon	swallowed
nalulong	addicted
nalulubog	sinking
nalulubos	expiring
nalulugmok	collapsing
nalulugod	pleased
naluluha	tearful
nalulukuban	submerged
nalululon	drowning
naluluma	aging
nalulumbay	depressed
nalulungkot	sad
nalulunod	drowning
nalulunos	pitiful
naluluoy	miserable
nalulupig	conquered
naluluray	disintegrating
nalulusaw	soluble
naluma	outdated
nalumbay	depressed
nalumpo	paralyzed
nalungkot	sad
nalunod	drowned
nalupig	defeated
nalusaw	dissolved
naluwangan	breadth
nama	debt
namaga	swollen
namagitan	intervene
namahagi	distributed
namahal	loved
namahala	managed
namahinga	rested
namalagi	remained
namalakad	advised
namalas	seen
namalayan	realized
namalayang	became aware
namalimos	beg
Namamaalam	Saying goodbye
namamaga	swollen
namamagang	sore
namamagitan	mediating
namamahagi	distributing
namamahala	in charge
namamahalang	in charge
namamahay	living
namamahinga	resting
namamalagi	lies
namamalaging	lasting
namamalas	visible
namamalat	hoarse
namamalayan	aware
namamalayang	aware
namamali	mistaken
namamalimos	begging
namamalit	changing
namamalita	talking
namamana	hereditary
namamangha	amazed
namamanglaw	sad
namamanhik	begging
namamasdan	observing
namamasid	observing
namamasyal	walking around
namamataan	spotted
namamatay	dying
namamayan	citizen
namamayang	citizen
namamayani	dominant
namamayat	thin
namamaybay	eloquent
namamuhay	yourname is good
naman	again
namana	friend
namang	again
namangha	amazed
namanglaw	sad
namanhik	begged
namanlaw	hungry
namantsahan	stained
namasdan	observed
namasid	observed
namasukan	entered
namasyal	went for a walk
namatay	died
namatayan	deceased
namatnubay	guided
namayapa	restless
namaybay	spelled
namaʼy	namaʼy
nambali	side
nambobola	flattering
nambubulahaw	howling
nambulag	separated
nambungi	kiss
namemerde	namemerde
nami	us
Namigay	Gave away
namighati	namighati
namili	bought
namilipit	twisted
namimigay	giving away
namimighati	distressed
namimili	shopping
namimilipit	writhing
namimilit	insisting
namimingwit	fishing
namiminsala	destructive
namimintas	criticizing
namiminuno	leading
namimitas	picking
namin	we
naming	our
naminsala	naminsala
namitas	picked
namnamin	savor
Namsi	Yummy
Namugto	Confused
namuhay	lived
namuhi	hated
namukhaan	appeared
namuko	house
namula	blushed
namulaklak	blossomed
namulot	picked up
namulubi	I am a lunatic.
namumugad	nesting
namumugnaw	melting
namumugto	swelling
namumuhay	living
namumuhi	hating
namumuhing	sneeze
namumukadkad	blooming
namumukod	outstanding
namumuksa	destructive
namumula	reddened
namumulaklak	blooming
namumulamula	blushing
namumulang	blushing
namumulot	picking
namumunga	fruitful
namumungkahi	suggesting
namumuno	leader
namumunong	ruling
namumuo	forming
namumuong	budding
namumusong	blasphemous
namumutawi	emerging
namumuti	turning white
namumutimuti	blushing
namumuting	turning white
namumutla	pale
namumutol	cutting
namundok	mountain
namunga	FRUIT
namungkahi	provoked
namuno	leader
namuo	precipitate
namuong	clot
namusong	blasphemed
namuti	turned white
namutla	turned pale
namutol	hack
nan	in
nana	nana
nanabik	longing
nanagana	ABOUNDED
nanaganang	abound
nanaghili	envious
nanaghoy	mourned
nanaginip	dreamed
nanagot	surety
nanahan	resided
nanahanan	inhabited
nanahang	dwelt
nanahi	yesterday
nanahimik	kept quiet
nanaig	prevailed
nanaisin	would like
nanakaw	stole
nanakawan	robbed
nanakawin	stole
nanakit	hurt
nanakmal	devoured
nanakop	conquered
nanalangin	prayed
nanalanging	prayed
nanalig	leaned
nanalo	winner
nanambitan	mourned
nanamit	put
nanamlay	sluggish
nanampalataya	believed
nanamsam	nanamsam
nananabik	anxious
nananaboy	I was a boy.
nananagana	abundant
nananaghili	nananaghili
nananaghoy	lamenting
nananaginip	dreaming
nananagot	responsible
nananahan	inhabitant
nananahanan	inhabitant
nananahang	resident
nananahi	sewing
nananahimik	silent
nananaig	prevailing
nananaing	nananaing
nananakit	hurting
nananakmal	greedy
nananakop	nananakop
nananalakay	attacked
nananalangin	praying
nananalanging	praying
nananalanta	nananalanta
nananalig	believing
nananalo	winning
nananamantala	exploitative
nananambahan	added
nananambang	Lying
nananambitan	I am a child.
nananamit	nananamit
nananampalataya	believing
nananampalatayang	believing
nananamsam	nananamsam
nananangan	dependent
nanananggalang	protective
nananangis	crying
nananaog	I was born
nananariwa	nananiraiwa
nananata	asked
nananatili	remains
nananatiling	remains
nananaw	gone
nananawagan	calling
nananaway	reproves
nananayo	I was there.
nanangan	raised
nananghalian	had lunch
nanangis	cried
nanaog	down
nanariwa	fresh
nanasain	invited
nanasok	inserted
nanata	reiterate
nanatili	remained
nanatiling	remained
nanauli	bright
nanaw	scans
nanawagan	called
nanay	mother
nanayo	there
nandadaya	cheating
nandaraya	cheating
nandaya	cheated
nandidiri	disgusting
nandito	here
nandiyan	there
nandoon	there
nandoong	there
nang	when
nang 	when 
nanga	how much
nangaaalaala	remember
nangaaaliw	delight
nangaaapi	oppressed
nangaagaw	seized
nangaalaman	knew
nangaalis	removed
nangaaliw	entertained
nangaawa	angry
nangabaak	rived
nangababa	and also
nangababagabag	troubled
nangababalisa	and the narrators
nangabagabag	troubled
nangabagbag	shipwreck
nangabagsak	impoverished
nangabahagi	were
nangabali	broken
nangabalik	returned
nangabalisa	terrified
nangabalot	inclosed
nangabanggit	Namely,
nangabaon	sunk
nangabasag	broken
nangabautismuhan	baptized
nangabibigatan	burdened
nangabibigatang	heavy
nangabibigkisan	girded
nangabibilang	counted
nangabibilanggo	bound
nangabibilango	and also
nangabibitin	hanged
nangabigay	given
nangabihag	captivity
nangabihisan	clothed
nangabilang	numbered
nangabitin	hung
nangabububo	runneth
nangabubuhay	living
nangabubukas	opening
nangabubukod	were by themselves
nangabubulagta	cast
nangabubulok	shrivels
nangabubusog	fed
nangabubuwal	fall
nangabuhay	are alive
nangabuksan	opened
nangabusog	were filled
nangabuwal	fallen
nangadala	brought
nangadalang	away
nangadaramtan	arrayed
nangadaya	cheated
nangadilat	were made
nangadudulas	slips
nangadudumhan	polluted
nangadulas	slip
nangadumhan	defiled
nangadurog	dust
nangagaabang	wait
nangagaakala	imagine
nangagaakalang	thinking
nangagaakma	bend
nangagaalab	burning
nangagaalay	who make
nangagaalinlangan	perplexed
nangagaantok	sleep
nangagaanyong	are you looking for?
nangagaaral	they learn
nangagaaring	ones who
nangagaasawa	marrying
nangagaawitan	sing
nangagaayuno	fasted
nangagaayunong	fast
nangagagalak	rejoice
nangagagalit	incensed
nangagagapos	fetters
nangagalab	kindled
nangagalak	rejoiced
nangagalinlangan	doubted
nangagalit	indignation
nangaganap	fulfilled
nangagantok	tarried
nangagari	sawing
nangagasal	have dealt
nangagasawa	had taken
nangagawa	working
nangagayuno	fasted
nangagayunong	fasted
nangagbabahagi	sharing
nangagbabaligtad	turning
nangagbabalik	turned
nangagbabaluktot	pervert
nangagbabantay	kept
nangagbabata	suffer
nangagbabayad	that render
nangagbago	they changed
nangagbalik	returning
nangagbalita	told
nangagbangon	raised
nangagbaon	victualled
nangagbata	suffered
nangagbibigay	that make
nangagbibigkis	gird
nangagbibili	sold
nangagbigay	gave
nangagbigkis	clothed themselves
nangagbihis	put
nangagbitin	hanging
nangagbubuhos	cast
nangagbubukas	openeth
nangagbubulaan	lie
nangagbubulaybulay	reasoning
nangagbubulong	whispering
nangagbubulongbulungan	murmuring
nangagbubunga	fruit
nangagbubuntong	pregnant
nangagbugso	poured
nangagbuhat	laid
nangagbulongbulong	murmured
nangagbulongbulungan	whispering
nangagbulungan	murmured
nangagbunga	brought
nangagdaan	passed
nangagdadaan	passengers
nangagdadagat	sea
nangagdadahilan	excuse
nangagdadahilanan	excusing
nangagdadahon	pregnant
nangagdadala	bringeth
nangagdadalamhati	afflicted
nangagdadalang	those with
nangagdadalangtao	those that
nangagdahilan	excuses
nangagdala	carrying
nangagdalang	bare
nangagdamdam	grieved
nangagdaraan	passengers
nangagdaragdag	adding
nangagdaramdam	suffer
nangagdaraya	defraud
nangagdiwang	kept
nangagdumi	defecating
nangagdurusa	suffering
nangaggugugol	spending
nangaghahain	sacrifice
nangaghahambog	boast
nangaghahanda	prepare
nangaghahandog	sacrifice
nangaghahangad	desired
nangaghahari	reign
nangaghahasik	sow
nangaghahawak	who bear
nangaghahayag	forth
nangaghain	sacrificed
nangaghanda	Prepare
nangaghandog	offered
nangaghandusay	lay
nangagharap	they set
nangaghari	reign
nangaghasa	whet
nangaghasik	plowed
nangaghayag	proclaimed
nangaghihimagsik	rebels
nangaghihinagpis	DISTRESSED
nangaghihingalo	suffering
nangaghihintay	wait
nangaghihiwalay	turn
nangaghimagsik	insurrection
nangaghintay	waited
nangaghiwalay	turned
nangaghugas	washed
nangaghuhugas	wash
nangaghuhulog	cast
nangaghulog	cast
nangaghusay	mustered
nangagigiba	destroying
nangagigipit	pressed
nangagiibig	who would
nangagiibigan	another
nangagiimbot	lust
nangagiingat	keep
nangagiinggitan	screaming
nangagiinit	kinaumagaha'y
nangagiisa	behind
nangagiisip	meditate
nangagilan	shocked
nangagimbak	gathered
nangagimbal	speaking
nangaging	past
nangagingat	kept
nangagingay	noise
nangaginit	insist
nangaginuman	drank
nangagisa	themselves
nangagisip	sought
nangagitla	were alarmed
nangagiwan	passed away
nangagkaanak	them were
nangagkagulo	raged
nangagkaiisang	united
nangagkaisang	cried
nangagkakabanggang	they are talking about each other
nangagkakadikit	shut
nangagkakadikitan	together
nangagkakagatan	bite
nangagkakagulo	commotion
nangagkakahiwalay	separated
nangagkakaiba	ye
nangagkakailangang	who had
nangagkakaisa	accord
nangagkakaisang	gave
nangagkakamali	err
nangagkakamaling	therefore
nangagkakapisan	together
nangagkakapootan	one another
nangagkakapuri	glory
nangagkakasabiran	together
nangagkakasala	blameless
nangagkakasundo	reconciled
nangagkakatapatan	against
nangagkakatipon	together
nangagkakatugma	as one
nangagkakatuwa	rejoice
nangagkalapit	together
nangagkamakama	together
nangagkamit	been objects
nangagkapisan	gathered
nangagkaroon	there were
nangagkasakit	sick
nangagkasala	guilty
nangagkasalang	have sinned
nangagkatipon	together
nangagkatugma	together
nangagkatuwiranan	arguing
nangagkaugat	root
nangagkiling	leaning
nangagkubli	hiding
nangaglagay	placed
nangaglagpak	poured
nangaglakad	heard thereof
nangaglakbay	traveled
nangaglaladlad	are spreading
nangaglalagak	are falling
nangaglalagay	lay
nangaglalakad	footmen
nangaglalakbay	traveling
nangaglalasing	drunk
nangaglalawit	they that
nangaglalayag	sailed
nangaglalayo	moving away
nangaglayag	sailing
nangagligtas	saved
nangaglilibing	who bury those who
nangagliligaw	err
nangaglilihi	conceive
nangaglilingkod	serve
nangaglingkod	sitting
nangaglitaw	appeared
nangagluksa	mourners
nangagluluksa	mourn
nangagluto	boiled
nangagmadali	haste
nangagmadaling	went up
nangagmalaki	boasted
nangagmamadali	haste
nangagmamadaling	haste
nangagmamahal	in love
nangagmamalaki	themselves
nangagmamalas	observe
nangagmamalasakit	zealously
nangagmamapuri	glory
nangagmamarunong	themselves
nangagmamasa	kneading
nangagmamasid	hated
nangagmamatapang	daring
nangagmatigas	hardened
nangagmimithi	sought
nangagmula	came
nangagmumula	come
nangagmumungkahi	provoke
nangagmumungkahian	suggesting
nangagnakaw	steal
nangagnanakaw	rob
nangagnananang	putrifying
nangagnanasa	desire
nangagnanasang	longing
nangagnasa	fain
nangagningas	burning
nangagningning	became
nangagniningas	burned
nangagpaalaman	informing
nangagpabalita	sent
nangagpabaya	forsaken
nangagpadala	sending
nangagpagal	labored
nangagpahayag	confessed
nangagpahid	smeared
nangagpahinga	resting
nangagpakabanal	themselves
nangagpakahirap	put themselves
nangagpakaligaw	went astray
nangagpakalinis	themselves
nangagpakapagod	themselves
nangagpakapahamak	profound
Nangagpakarumi	Do ye
nangagpakasama	acted corruptly
nangagpakatibay	themselves
nangagpakilala	caused
nangagpakumbaba	themselves
nangagpakunwari	pretending
nangagpakunwaring	pretended
nangagpalabas	they cast
nangagpalayas	cast
nangagpanata	bound
nangagpangkatpangkat	grouped together
nangagpapaalaala	admonish
nangagpapabaya	forsake
nangagpapagal	labor
nangagpapahamak	destroy
nangagpapahayag	confessing
nangagpapahinga	dust
nangagpapahingang	resting
nangagpapahiram	they may
nangagpapahirap	ye deal
nangagpapainit	warmed themselves
nangagpapakabanal	who sanctify
nangagpapakabating	have made
nangagpapakabuyo	liveth
nangagpapakakak	trumpeters
nangagpapakalabis	abusing
nangagpapakalayaw	reveling
nangagpapakalinis	purify
nangagpapakalumanay	they are being pampered
nangagpapakapagod	weary
nangagpapakarumi	ye
nangagpapakasakdal	be made
nangagpapakasira	corrupt themselves
nangagpapakita	having men
nangagpapakunwaring	themselves
nangagpapala	blessing
nangagpapalakad	forth
nangagpapalalo	arrogant
nangagpapalalong	proudly
nangagpapalapad	enlarge
nangagpapalit	cause
nangagpapaliwanag	interpret
nangagpapangalat	scatter
nangagpapanggap	pretending
nangagpapanglaw	distressed
nangagpapaningas	kindle
nangagpaparangal	honor
nangagpaparoo	they are coming
nangagpapasabsab	are being fed
nangagpapasalamat	thanks
nangagpapasan	bare
nangagpapasok	brought
nangagpapasuso	suck
nangagpapatid	quench
nangagpapatirapa	bear
nangagpapatirapang	pretending to be
nangagpapatotoo	witness
nangagpapatubo	usury
nangagpapatuloy	fasting
nangagpapauna	went before
nangagpapaupa	hire shall
nangagpapayaman	giving wealth
nangagparangal	honoring
nangagparoo	they are coming
nangagpasakdal	builders
nangagpasalamat	thanks
nangagpasimula	began
nangagpasimulang	began
nangagpasiya	ordained
nangagpasiyang	took
nangagpastol	shepherd
nangagpasugo	sending
nangagpatakas	away
nangagpatibay	encouraging
nangagpatirapa	faces
nangagpatotoo	testifying
nangagpatuloy	themselves
nangagpatunog	ringing
nangagpauna	went before
nangagpaurong	turned
nangagpipilit	do strive
nangagpipisan	gather
nangagpisan	together
nangagpisanpisan	gathered together
nangagpulong	council
nangagpumilit	sought
nangagpuno	ruled
nangagpupulong	gathered
nangagpupuno	rule
nangagpupuri	praising
nangagpuputok	are blowing
nangagpupuyat	watching
nangagpuri	praised
nangagsabi	said
nangagsabihan	to another
nangagsabing	said that
nangagsabog	cast
nangagsalita	spake
nangagsalitaan	gone
nangagsama	took unto
nangagsanggunian	together
nangagsangguniang	consulted
nangagsangusapan	another
nangagsapalaran	cast
nangagsapanganib	risked
nangagsasabi	saying
nangagsasabihan	another
nangagsasabing	say
nangagsasabog	threw
nangagsasakdal	accusers
nangagsasakmalan	devour
nangagsasalita	speak
nangagsasalitaan	speak
nangagsasalitang	speak
nangagsasanggunian	counsel together
nangagsasaya	them that
nangagsasayawan	pleasure in
nangagsayang	make great
nangagsaysay	have told
nangagsialis	went out
nangagsidalo	attending
nangagsidating	came
nangagsigaling	healed
nangagsigawan	cried
nangagsihipo	kissing
nangagsihula	predicting
nangagsiimik	held their
nangagsiinom	drank
nangagsikain	they did
nangagsikuha	took
nangagsilabas	came out
nangagsilapit	came
nangagsilayo	failed
nangagsilitaw	gone
nangagsiluhod	bowed
nangagsilunsad	went
nangagsimula	began
nangagsipaglagay	standing
nangagsipagpanata	bound themselves
nangagsipanhik	are climbing
nangagsipasok	entered
nangagsisakay	They rode
nangagsisama	corrupted themselves
nangagsisamba	worshiped
nangagsisampalataya	believe
nangagsisi	repentant
nangagsisialiw	comforted
nangagsisigaw	cried
nangagsisigawa	working
nangagsisigawan	crying
nangagsisigawang	screaming
nangagsisihibik	crying
nangagsisiibig	who love
nangagsisikap	sought
nangagsisilabas	went
nangagsisilakad	walking
nangagsisililim	overshadowing
nangagsisisigaw	cried
nangagsisisinsay	turn
nangagsisisunod	follow after
nangagsisitahan	dwell
nangagsisitalima	doers
nangagsisitatag	firm
nangagsisiusad	serpents
nangagsisunod	followed
nangagsitahan	dwelt
nangagsitakas	fleeing
nangagsitalaga	they have set themselves
nangagsitawag	They called
nangagsitayo	stood
nangagsitigil	they ceased
nangagsitindig	accord
nangagsitingin	looked
nangagsitungo	the way
nangagsiuga	drying
nangagsiulos	pierced
nangagsiungol	murmured
nangagsiupo	sat
nangagsiuwi	returning home
nangagsiuwing	returned
nangagsiyakap	fell
nangagsiyaman	were made
nangagsiyaon	sake
nangagsugo	sent
nangagsumpa	cursed
nangagsunog	burned
nangagsuot	put
nangagsusulid	spin
nangagsusulsol	kindle
nangagsusumbungan	accusing
nangagsusunog	burning
nangagsusunug	burned
nangagsusuot	as are
nangagtaas	lifted
nangagtaglay	brought
nangagtagumpay	come off
nangagtaka	astonished
nangagtakang	amazed
nangagtakip	stopped
nangagtalo	reasoning
nangagtamo	mouths
nangagtanan	escaped
nangagtanim	planted
nangagtanong	asking questions
nangagtanungan	wondering
nangagtanyag	proclamation
nangagtapal	those who
nangagtatago	themselves
nangagtataka	astonished
nangagtatakang	wondering
nangagtatakip	covering
nangagtatakuwil	cast
nangagtatalo	among themselves
nangagtatalong	reasoning among
nangagtatamo	having
nangagtatangan	who take
nangagtatanggapan	glory
nangagtatanim	hated
nangagtatanong	asking questions
nangagtatanungan	themselves
nangagtatanyag	shew
nangagtatapal	daub
nangagtatayo	builded
nangagtayo	building
nangagtiis	suffering
nangagtikom	stopped
nangagtindig	standing up
nangagtinginan	they turned
nangagtingintinginan	looking at each other
nangagtipon	gathered
nangagtitiis	endure
nangagtitinginan	another
nangagtitipanan	confederate
nangagtitipon	gather
nangagturo	teaching
nangagtutumibay	They are firm
nangagtutumulin	pressed
nangagtuturo	teaching
nangagugali	ourselves
nangagugulo	rage
nangagugulumihanan	troubled
nangagugutom	hunger
nangaguho	drunk
nangagukyabit	climb up
nangagulumihanan	were troubled
nangagusapan	they said
nangagusisa	sought
nangagutom	went hungry
nangagutos	gave
nangaguugat	root
nangaguugpong	those who join
nangaguusapan	spake
nangaguusig	seek
nangagwalang	have stopped giving
nangagwawalang	those that
nangahabag	compassion
nangahagis	overthrown
nangahahanay	arrayed
nangahahanda	ready
nangahahandusay	dried
nangahahantong	encamped
nangahahapis	mourn
nangahaharap	were present
nangahahawa	defiled
nangahahayag	revealed
nangahalal	appointed
nangahanda	ready
nangahandusay	desolate
nangahapis	mourn
nangahas	durst
nangahasik	sown
nangahatulan	uncondemned
nangahawa	defiled
nangahayag	revealed
nangahiga	laid
nangahigpit	they have bruised
nangahihiga	lie
nangahihigang	lie
nangahihilig	lie
nangahihirapan	pained
nangahihiwalay	alienated
nangahikayat	persuaded
nangahintakutan	frightened
nangahipo	bruised
nangahiwalay	alienated
nangahiya	Were
nangahubdan	uncovered
nangahugasan	ye
nangahuhuli	taken
nangahuhulog	fall
nangahuli	caught
nangahulog	fell
nangaibalita	told
nangaiiba	evil
nangaiinggit	zealous
nangaiiwan	left behind
nangailangan	needed
nangailigaw	deceived
nangainitan	scorched
nangaitakdang	appointed
nangaiwan	remain
nangakaaalam	knowing
nangakaabot	short
nangakaakma	adapted
nangakabalita	heard
nangakabangon	arise
nangakabuka	open
nangakabuwal	fallen
nangakagawa	accomplished
nangakahandusay	lying down
nangakaharap	naked
nangakahimpil	camped
nangakakaalam	knowing
nangakakaamoy	smelly
nangakakabayo	on horseback
nangakakagusto	who likes
nangakakahawa	contagious
nangakakakain	eating
nangakakakilala	familiar
nangakakakita	seeing
nangakakakitang	visible
nangakakapatay	deadly
nangakakapit	clinging
nangakakarinig	hearing
nangakakaro	think
nangakakasumpong	finding
nangakakatha	even before birth
nangakakaunawa	understanding
nangakakilala	acquainted
nangakakita	seeing
nangakakubli	hiding
nangakalabas	got out
nangakaladlad	unfolded
nangakalag	loose
nangakalalakad	walking
nangakalas	broken up
nangakalatag	lying down
nangakalaya	liberated
nangakalilimot	forgotten
nangakalimot	forgotten
nangakalugmok	fallen
nangakalulugod	are pleased
nangakapagbaon	took
nangakapagpapatisod	stumbling block
nangakapakinig	listening
nangakapanamit	clothed
nangakaparoon	those who have gone
nangakapasok	enter
nangakapuputi	cover up
nangakaramay	nangakaramay
nangakarinig	heard
nangakaririnig	hearing
nangakasakay	able to ride
nangakasakbat	armed
nangakasalo	shared
nangakasama	together
nangakasisikip	crowded
nangakasubsob	prostrate
nangakasulat	written
nangakasumpong	found
nangakasunod	they could
nangakataas	high
nangakatakas	fleeing
nangakatali	nangakatali
nangakatanan	escaped
nangakatatakot	afraid
nangakatatanan	escaped
nangakatatangan	those who are in charge
nangakatawid	crossed
nangakatayo	standing
nangakatayong	standing
nangakatigil	stopped
nangakatindig	standing
nangakatitig	staring
nangakatulog	asleep
nangakatungo	headed
nangakaupo	sitting
nangakaupong	sitting down
nangakiapid	fornicated
nangakigalak	rejoiced
nangakihalo	even though it's sad
nangakikiapid	adulterers
nangakikihamok	I am a little confused.
nangakikilala	even though I don't know you
nangakikinig	listening
nangakikipagaway	fighting
nangakikipagbaka	fighting
nangakikipagbakang	fighting
nangakikipagkaalit	quarreling
nangakikipagkamay	shaking hands
nangakikipaglaban	fighting
nangakikipagpiging	having a party
nangakikipagpunyagi	struggling
nangakikipagtalo	arguing
nangakikipagtipan	engaged
nangakikipagtuos	settling accounts
nangakikipagusap	talking
nangakikipamayan	naturalized citizens
nangakikita	visible
nangakilakip	attached
nangakilala	without knowing
nangakilos	moved
nangakinig	listening
nangakipagbaka	fought
nangakipagdigma	fought
nangakipagkamay	shook hands
nangakipagkatuwa	rejoiced
nangakipaglaban	fought
nangakipagpayapaan	made peace
nangakipagpulong	met
nangakipagtalo	argued
nangakipamayan	naturalized
nangakipisan	crowded
nangakisama	even though I am
nangakita	seen
nangakitang	seen
nangakiumpok	gathered
nangako	promised
nangako 	promised 
nangakong	promised
nangakubli	even though you are young
nangakukubli	and not in vain
nangakukulong	imprisoning
nangakukutaan	fortified
nangalabi	the rest
nangalaga	cared for
nangalagay	overcome
nangalaglag	waste
nangalagpak	crashed
nangalahati	halved
nangalakal	nangalkal
nangalalabi	remain
nangalaladlad	spread abroad
nangalalagak	in them
nangalalagas	falleth
nangalalagay	set
nangalalaglag	fall
nangalalalang	are created
nangalalaman	knowest
nangalalapit	drew
nangalat	scattered
nangalay	mourned
nangalayo	weaned
nangalibing	buried
nangaligaw	sheep
nangaligtas	saved
nangalikha	india
nangaliligaw	astray
nangaliligaya	delight
nangaliligtas	saved
nangalilingid	hiding
nangalilinis	cleansed
nangalilipol	crushed
nangalilitaw	stick
nangalilito	purify
nangalimutan	forgot
nangalinis	cleansed
nangalipat	passed
nangalipol	consumed
nangalipusta	evil
nangalitaw	appeared
nangalito	shame
nangalitong	greatly
nangaliwanagan	were lightened
nangalugmok	fell
nangalugod	pleasure
nangalulugmok	cut down
nangalulugod	delight
nangaluluma	grow
nangalulumbay	harassed
nangalulungkot	sorrowful
nangalumatang	they were
nangalumbay	mourned
nangalunod	drowned​
nangalunya	committed adultery
nangaluray	pieces
nangamaang	confounded
nangamamahagi	and with mugs
nangamamahala	and for free
nangamamahalang	who have
nangamamalagi	retaineth
nangamamalaging	stand
nangamamali	and with money
nangamamangha	marveled
nangamamanglaw	sorrow
nangamamatay	dying
nangamangha	astonished
nangamanghang	astonished
nangamanglaw	sorry
nangamanhik	besought
nangamatay	dead
nangamba	afraid
nangambang	feared
nangamimihasa	and also
nangamimihasang	who are
nangamimili	and by the way
nangamuhay	living as
nangamula	blush
nangamumugto	wastes
nangamumuhay	living
nangamumulot	picking
nangamumuno	leaders
nangamumutla	blackness
nangamunga	fruit
nanganaghoy	lamentation
nanganaig	prevailed
nanganak	bare
nanganakmal	pregnant
nanganalo	winner
nanganampalataya	believing
nanganamsam	plundering
nangananaginip	dreaming
nangananahan	inhabitant
nangananahanan	dwelling
nangananahi	sew
nangananaig	prevailing
nangananakmal	greedy
nangananamit	dressed
nangananampalataya	believers
nangananampalatayang	believing
nangananangis	crying
nangananatili	remaining
nanganatili	remained
nanganayong	villager
nangandoon	there
nangangabayo	on horseback
nangangabayong	on horseback
nangangagat	biting
nangangagaw	kidnapping
nangangahas	daring
nangangahoy	woody
nangangahulugan	means
nangangahulugang	means
nangangailanga	needy
nangangailangan	needy
nangangailangang	needy
nangangain	eating
nangangako	promising
nangangakong	promising
nangangalaga	caring
nangangalahati	halved
nangangalakal	trader
nangangalat	scattered
nangangalay	wandering
nangangalog	shaking
nangangalumata	aging
nangangalunya	adulterous
nangangamba	afraid
Nangangamkam	Grabbing
nangangamoy	smelly
nanganganak	giving birth
nanganganib	in danger
nanganganinag	translucent
nanganganlong	trust
nangangapa	groping
nangangapit	clinging
nangangapos	bound
nangangaral	preaching
nangangarap	dreaming
nangangasiwa	supervising
nangangatal	trembling
nangangati	itching
nangangating	itching
nangangatog	trembling
nangangatuwiran	reasoning
nangangatwiran	reasoning
nangangatwirang	arguing
nangangayayat	losing weight
nangangbagabag	troubled
nanganggagaling	coming from
nanganggagapang	creeping
nanganggigilalas	amazed
nanganggilalas	amazed
nanganghihimagsik	rebelling
nanganghihina	weakening
nanganghimagsik	rebelled
nanganghuhula	guessing
nanganghuhulang	predicting
nanganghula	prophesied
nanganghulang	prophesying
nanganginginig	trembling
nanganglilibak	mocking
nanganglulupaypay	fainting
nanganglupaypay	fainted
nanganib	in danger
nanganinikit	clinging
nanganiningil	charging
nanganinirang	criticizing
nanganiniwala	believing
nanganiwala	believing
nanganonood	watching
nanganumbalik	returned
nanganumpa	swore
nanganunumbalik	recovering
nanganunumpa	swearing
nanganunuya	rebelled
nangapabautismo	being baptized
nangapabayaan	neglected
nangapabili	themselves
nangapadaluhong	rushed down
nangapagaralan	learned
nangapagkilala	recognized
nangapahamak	incest
nangapahiran	mollified
nangapahiya	ashamed
nangapahiyang	ashamed
nangapaiitaas	lifted
nangapailanglang	gone
nangapaitaas	mounted
nangapakahaba	without any fuss
nangapakasama	and even though
nangapakita	appeared
nangapalayo	and also
nangapalo	and also
nangapapagal	labor
nangapapagod	faint
nangapapahamak	perish
nangapapahiya	ashamed
nangapapako	insults
nangapapalagay	they assume
nangapapalinsad	are being displaced
nangapapalo	and the Pope
nangapapapanginoon	lordship
nangapaparam	nangapaparam
nangapapatay	slain
nangapapatirang	filled
nangapapawi	and papaws
nangaparagdag	added
nangaparoon	went
nangaparoroon	go
nangapasa	gone
nangapasasa	captivity
nangapasasakop	surrendered
nangapasiyahan	decided
nangapasok	failed
nangapasubasob	prostrate
nangapasulong	they prospered
nangapatay	slain
nangapatid	broken
nangapatigil	fell down
nangapawi	and the signs
nangapipighati	without any problems
nangapipinid	and the pippinid
nangapipisan	gathered
nangapisan	gathered
nangapoot	hate
nangapopoot	nangapopoot
nangapuno	full
nangapupukaw	stirs
nangapuspos	filled
Nangapuspus	filled
nangaputol	cut
nangaral	preached
nangarapa	scolding
nangararamtan	dressed
nangararapat	deserving
nangarinig	heard
nangaririnig	hearing
nangaririto	present
nangariritong	are here
nangarito	here
nangariyan	there
nangaroon	there
nangaroroon	there
nangasa	in
nangasabing	said
nangasabiran	bound
nangasailalim	subjected
nangasakmal	are swallowed
nangasakop	conquered
nangasaktan	cut
nangasanay	trained
nangasapol	seized
nangasasakay	lading
nangasasakbatan	attacking
nangasasaktan	hurting
nangasasalot	plagued
nangasasarang	are closing
nangasasayahan	are glad
nangasasayahang	joyful
nangasaysay	were expressed
nangasilo	offended
nangasinsay	erred
nangasira	rUINS
nangasisikipan	crowded
Nangasisilo	has closed
nangasisira	are breaking down
nangasiwa	supervised
nangaso	hunted
nangasubasub	went down
nangasugatan	cut
nangasulat	written
nangasumpungan	found
nangasumpungang	whoever
nangasunog	burned
nangasupok	consumed
nangasusubasob	bowed
nangasusulat	written
nangasusumpungang	found
nangasusunog	burned
nangataas	lifted
nangatagpuan	met
nangatakda	appointed
nangatakot	scared
nangatakpan	covered
nangatal	trembled
nangatalagang	dedicated
nangatalian	bound
nangataliang	bound
nangatanim	planted
nangatapon	exiled
nangatapos	ended
nangatataas	lifted
nangatatag	planted
nangatatago	dishonesty
nangatatakot	afraid
nangatatakpan	covered
nangatatala	scolding
nangatatalian	bound
nangatatatag	They are established
nangatatayo	built
nangatawag	levy
nangatayong	standing
nangatigil	lodged
nangatikom	closed
nangatilihan	astonished
nangatira	tired
nangatisod	stumbled
nangatitibag	asunder
nangatitigib	were filled
nangatitigilan	astonished
nangatitilihan	Persecuted
nangatitira	itchy
nangatitisod	stumble
nangatitiwasay	At rest
nangatog	trembled
nangatubos	redeemed
nangatukso	tempted
nangatuli	circumcised
nangatulig	confounded
nangatulog	sleeping
nangatupad	drunk
nangaturuan	learned
nangaturuang	gathereth
nangatuto	learned
nangatutuhan	learned
nangatutulog	sleeping
nangatutunaw	melt
nangatututo	learning
nangatutuwa	they were
nangatutuwang	rejoicing
nangatutuyo	wither
nangatuwa	glad
nangatuwiran	argued
nangatuyo	dried
nangaudyokan	moved
nangauga	dried
nangauhaw	thirsted
nangaukol	dedicated
nangaulol	deranged
nangauna	before
nangaunang	got
nangaupo	sat
nangaupong	sat
nangauubos	consumed
nangauugat	taking root
nangauuhaw	thirst
nangauukol	whose
nangauulol	are mad
nangauuna	I am a child.
nangauupo	and wisdom
nangauupong	sitting
nangauuwi	sly
nangawaglit	lost
nangawala	missing
nangawalang	missing
nangawawalan	driven
Nangawit	Singing
nangayamot	wearied
nangayayamot	abhorred
nangayayanig	tremble
nangbababae	effeminate
nangbababag	long,
nangdidigma	at war
nangduwahagi	hath reproached
nanggagaling	coming from
nanggagaway	witch
nanggagayuma	enchanting
nanggaling	came from
Nanggigil	Shivering
nanggigilalas	amazed
nanggigipit	harassing
nanggilalas	amazed
nanggugulo	troublemaker
nanggulo	troubled
nanghagilap	searched
nanghahalina	smooth
nanghahamak	disparaging
nanghahawak	holding
nanghawak	fastened
nanghiganti	revenged
nanghihibo	flattereth
nanghihiganti	revengeth
nanghihikayat	encouraging
nanghihimagod	weary
nanghihimagsik	rebel
nanghihimasok	intruder
nanghihina	weak
nanghihinang	weakening
nanghihinayang	regretful
nanghihingi	requesting
nanghihiram	borrower
nanghikayat	encouraged
nanghimagsik	rebelled
nanghina	weakened
nanghinayang	regretted
nanghiram	borrowed
nanghoholdap	holding up
nanghuhukay	thieves
nanghuhula	fortune teller
nanghuhulang	prophesying
nanghuhuli	catching
nanghula	predicted
nanghulang	predictors
nanghuli	caught
nangiba	estranged
nangibang	gone abroad
nangiinsulto	insulting
nangilabot	horrified
nangilin	rested
nangiming	became
nanginain	fed
nangingibabaw	dominant
nangingibang	strange
nangingibig	lovers
nangingikil	extortionate
nangingilabot	horrified
nangingilin	keepeth
nangingilo	snoring
nangingimi	shy
nangingiming	trembling
nanginginain	grazing
nanginginig	trembling
nangingintab	shiny
nangingisay	convulsing
nangingitim	darkening
nanginig	trembled
nangisda	fishing
nangitim	darkened
nangkukulam	sorcery
nangkulam	bewitched
nanglait	had cursed
nanglalabo	dim
nanglalambot	famished
nanglalata	feeble
nanglibak	mocked
nangliliit	melt
nanglilipol	destroyed
nanglulumo	agony
nanglulupaypay	weary
nanglumo	melted
nanglumong	deeply
nanglupaypay	fainted
nangongolekta	collecting
nangubkob	siege
nanguha	Gathers
nangulila	homesick
nangulila 	homesick 
nangulubot	shrunken
nangumusta	Greetings
nanguna	lead
nangunang	leading
nangungubli	hiding
nangunguha	gathering
nangungulila	homesick
nangungulo	chairperson
nangungumusta	greetings
nangunguna	leading
nangungunang	leading
nangungusap	speaking
nangungutang	borrower
nangungutya	mocking
nangungutyang	mocking
nangunguya	chewing
nangupahan	rented
nangusap	spoke
nangutang	borrowing
nangwasak	destroyed
nangwawasak	destroying
nangyari	happened
nangyari 	happened 
nangyaring	happened
nangyayari	happening
nangyayari 	happening 
nangyayaring	happening
Nanibugho	Jealous
nanigas	stiffened
nanikluhod	kneeling down
nanilaw	yellowed
nanilbihan	served
nanindig	standing
Nanindigan	Stood up
naninibasib	attacking
naninibugho	jealous
naninigas	stiff
naninikip	cramped
naninikit	close-knit
naninila	predator
naninilaw	yellowish
naninindigan	standing up
naniningil	charging
naninira	destructive
naninirahan	resident
naninirahang	resident
naninirang	destructive
naniniwala	believe
naniniwalang	believing
nanira	damaged
nanirahan	settled
nanirahang	dwelt
nanirang	elected
nanisnis	nannies
naniwala	believed
nanlabo	blurred
nanlait	insulted
nanlalabo	blurred
nanlalait	insulting
nanlalaki	growing up
nanlalalaki	male
nanlalamig	it's getting cold
nanlalata	languishing
nanlilibak	mocking
nanliliit	shrinking
nanlilinlang	deceptive
nanlilisik	glaring
nanlinlang	nanlinlang
nanloloko	cheating
nanlulumo	depressed
nanlulupaypay	fainting
nanlumo	depressed
nanlupaypay	fainted
nanonood	watching
nanugat	wounded
nanuhol	hired
nanukso	tempted
nanumbalik	recovered
nanumpa	SWORN
nanumpang	sworn
nanungayaw	reproached
nanungkulan	incumbent
nanunubok	testing
nanunudlong	teasing
nanunukso	teasing
nanunulsol	inciting
nanunuluyan	lodging
nanunumbalik	recovering
nanunumbat	scolding
nanunumpa	swearing
nanunungayaw	cursing
nanunungkulan	incumbent
nanunungkulang	incumbent
nanununod	successor
nanunuot	biting
nanunupok	consuming
nanunuwag	gnawing
nanunuya	mocking
nanunuyang	mocking
nanuot	worn
nanupok	consumed
nanuwag	dug
Naomi	Naomi
napaaamo	sad
napaaga	premature
napaalipin	enslaved
napaalis	expelled
napaalsa	risen
Napaamo	Tamed
napaanak	born
napaangkin	claimed
napaano	how are you
napaanod	driven
napaatras	backward
napaaway	quarreled
napababago	changeable
napabagsak	fallen
napabaligtad	upside down
napabalita	heard about
Napabaon	going down
napabautismo	baptized
napabayaan	neglected
napabayaang	neglected
napabibiro	joking
napabigla	shocked
napabilang	included
napabili	bought
napabitiw	resigned
napabulaanan	refuted
napabunggo	collided
napabuntong	piled up
napadaan	passed by
napadadala	attacked
Napadagdag	accrued
napadaing	complained
napadako	got rich
napadaluhong	rushed
napadapa	fell down
napadaya	napadaya
napadayang	hath been
napadilat	opened
napadpad	stranded
napag	arrived
napagaalaman	known
napagaalamang	known
napagalaala	remembered
napagalaman	experienced
napagaling	healed
napagaya	imitated
napagbalitaan	heard about
napagbigyang	granted
napagbilhan	sold
napagbubuntunan	is being distributed
napagdaanan	passed through
napagdesisyunan	decided
napaghahalata	predictable
napaghalata	revealed
napagitnaan	in the middle
napagkaisahan	agreed upon
napagkakalooban	endowed
napagkalooban	granted
napagkasunduan	agreed
napagkatiwalaang	trusted
napagkikilala	recognizable
napagkilala	recognized
napaglalagyan	placed
Napaglihian	Conceived
napaglilibingan	buried
napagmasdan	observed
napagod	tired
napagpaalam	farewell
napagpasyahan	decided
napagpasyahang	decided
napagsalinsalin	translated
napagsama	merged
napagsamantalahan	exploited
napagsasangunian	consultable
napagtagumpayan	overcome
napagtagumpayang	overcome
napagtalastas	announced
napagtanto	realized
napagtanungan	questioned
Napagtatagumpayan	Overcoming
napagtataksilan	betrayed
napagtatalastas	recognizable
napagtatrabaho	employed
napagtitiwalaan	trustworthy
napagunawa	understood
napaguunawa	understandable
napagyapakan	it was trampled
napahagis	thrown
napahamak	ruined
napahandusay	prostrate
napahanga	impressed
napahasik	sown
napahawak	caught
napahiga	lay down
napahihikayat	encouraged
napahikayat	Given
Napahinto	Stopped
napahinuhod	endured
napahiran	anointed
napahirapan	suffered
napahiwalay	separated
napahiya	embarrassed
napahiyang	embarrassed
napahugos	basket
napaibig	fell in love
napaiibaba	baby
napaiilanglang	mount
napaiitaas	napaitaze
napailalim	subjected
napailanglang	ascended
napainom	drunk
napaisip	thought about
napaitaas	lifted
napaiyak	cried
napaka	very
napakaaga	very early
napakaalat	very salty
Napakababangis	Very cruel
napakabagal	very slow
napakabagsik	very cruel
napakabait	very kind
napakabanal	very holy
napakabango	very fragrant
napakabangong	very fragrant
Napakabata	Very young
napakabigat	very heavy
napakabilis	very fast
napakabuti	very good
napakabuting	very good
napakadakila	very great
napakadakilang	very great
Napakadali	Very easy
napakadelikado	very dangerous
napakadilim	very dark
napakadukha	very poor
napakagaganda	very beautiful
Napakagaling	Very good
napakaganda	very beautiful
napakagandang	very beautiful
Napakagat	Very biting
Napakaguwapong	Very handsome
Napakahaba	Very long
napakahabang	very long
napakahalaga	very important
napakahalagang	very important
napakahangal	very stupid
napakahigpit	very tight
napakahirap	very difficult
napakahiwaga	very mysterious
napakahuhusay	very good
napakahusay	very good
napakainam	very good
napakaingay	very noisy
napakainit	very hot
napakakalunya	very naughty
napakakapal	very thick
napakakatuwa	very happy
napakakaunti	very few
napakakaunting	very few
napakakipot	very narrow
napakakisig	very handsome
napakalakas	very strong
napakalaki	very big
napakalaking	huge
napakalakiʼt	very big
napakalalakas	very strong
napakalalaki	very big
napakalalim	very deep
napakalamig	very cold
napakalapit	very close
napakalasing	very drunk
napakalawak	very wide
napakalayo	very far
napakalayong	very far
Napakaligaya	Very happy
napakaliit	very small
napakalinis	very clean
napakaliwanag	very bright
napakalubha	very serious
napakalungkot	very sad
napakalunya	very adulterous
napakalupit	very cruel
napakamaawain	very kind
napakamahal	very expensive
napakamakapangyarihan	very powerful
Napakamangmang	Very ignorant
napakamura	very cheap
napakanluran	westward
Napakapait	Very bitter
Napakapalad	Very lucky
napakapangit	very ugly
napakapayat	very thin
napakapula	very red
napakaputi	very white
napakarami	very many
napakaraming	so many
napakarelihiyoso	very religious
napakarumi	very dirty
napakaruming	very dirty
napakarunong	very wise
napakasagana	very abundant
napakasaganang	very abundant
Napakasakit	Very painful
napakasama	very bad
napakasamang	very bad
napakasasama	very bad
napakasasamang	very bad
Napakasaya	Very happy
napakaseryoso	very serious
napakasikip	very crowded
Napakasipag	Very hardworking
napakataas	very high
napakataba	very fat
napakatabang	very fat
napakatagal	very long
napakatalas	very sharp
napakatalino	very clever
napakatanda	very old
napakatandang	very old
Napakatatamad	Very lazy
napakatibay	very strong
napakatigas	very hard
napakatindi	very intense
napakatinding	very intense
napakatuso	very cunning
napakatusong	very cunning
napakawalang	very free
Napakayabang	Very arrogant
napakayaman	very rich
napakikilala	recognizable
napakikita	visible
napakilala	introduced
napakilalang	known
napakilos	mobilized
napakinabang	benefited
napakinabangan	benefited
napakinggan	heard
napakita	appeared
napakitang	appeared
napako	error
napakukupkop	sheltered
napala	attacked
napalabas	last
napalagay	placed
napalago	grown
napalagpasan	thrust
napalakad	had made
napalakas	strengthened
napalapit	got close
napalawak	expanded
napalayas	expelled
napalayo	gone away
napalibutan	surrounded
napaligiran	surrounded
napaliguan	washed
napaliligaw	misled
napalingon	turned around
napalipat	transferred
napalitan	replaced
Napaluha	Tears welled up
napamahal	loved
napamahalaan	managed
napamulot	picked up
napamumutihan	turning white
napanaginip	dreamed
napanaginipan	dreamed
Napanatag	Calm down
napanatili	preserved
napanauli	napanauli
napangalat	scattered
napanganak	born
napangaralan	preached
napangasawa	married
napanglupaypay	fainted
napangumbaba	lowered
napano	where is it
napanood	watched
napansin	noticed
napantayan	equalized
Napapaalsa	Leavened
napapaamo	tame
napapaanak	giving birth
napapabago	changeable
Napapabagsak	Falling down
napapabaho	stinky
napapabaling	turning
napapabanguhan	perfumed
napapabayaan	neglected
napapabuti	improving
napapadaan	passing by
napapadaing	moaning
napapaderan	walled up
napapaderang	walled
napapadpad	stranded
napapagal	tired
napapagalaw	movable
napapaglibingan	buried
napapagod	tired
napapagtibay	confirmed
napapagtrabaho	employed
napapahamak	doomed
napapahapay	lying down
napapahila	being dragged
napapahimutok	being touched
napapahinga	resting
napapahinto	being stopped
napapahiya	embarrassed
napapaibig	falling in love
Napapaikutan	Surrounded
napapailalim	subject
napapailing	shaking
napapairal	existing
napapaiyak	crying
napapakinabang	useful
napapakinabangan	useful
napapakinggan	audible
napapako	nailed
napapala	blessed
napapalagablab	blazing
napapalamutian	decorated
napapalamutihan	decorated
napapalaya	liberated
napapalayo	far away
napapalibutan	surrounded
napapaligiran	surrounded
napapalitan	interchangeable
napapalo	beaten
napapaloob	contained
napapamahal	in love
napapanaginip	dreaming
napapanahon	timely
napapanatag	very calm
napapanganib	endangered
napapangasuhan	being cared for
napapanginoon	dominated
napapanis	worn out
napapaniwala	believable
napapansin	noticeable
napapapunta	going
napaparam	disappeared
napaparangalan	honored
napaparatangang	alleged
napaparitong	coming
napapariwara	perverted
napapartihan	divided
napaparusahan	punished
napapasaklolo	in need of help
napapasamâ	getting worse
napapasanan	burdened
napapasanang	burdened
Napapasaya	It's so fun.
napapasigaw	screaming
napapasok	entered
napapaspas	fast-paced
napapasuko	submissive
napapasunod	compliant
napapatahimik	quiet
napapatakan	stamped
napapatawad	forgiven
napapatay	killed
napapatid	torn
Napapatigil	Stopping
napapatiranguhaw	thirsty
napapatisod	stumble
napapatong	overlapping
napapatungan	overlaid
napapatungo	heading towards
napapawi	disappearing
napapayag	agreeable
napapugutan	beheaded
napapunta	went
naparaan	passed
naparagdag	added
naparalisado	paralyzed
naparam	disappeared
naparangalan	honored
naparirito	coming here
napariritong	arrived
napaririyan	napariyan
naparito	came here
naparitong	arrived
napariwara	spoiled
napariyan	napariyan
naparon	went
naparoon	went there
naparoong	arrived
naparoroon	going there
naparoroong	present
naparusahan	punished
napasa	passed
napasaakin	I have it.
Napasaamin	ours
napasaatin	ours
napasabit	caught
napasadlak	plunged
napasailalim	subjected
Napasakanila	theirs
napasaklolo	rescued
napasakop	submitted
napasama	got involved
napasamâ	corrupted
napasasa	GOING
napasasaklaw	subject
napasaway	criticized
napasigaw	shouted
napasimulang	begun
napaso	burnt
napasok	entered
napasong	Expired
napasubasob	fell
Napasubsob	Overwhelmed
napasukan	entered
napasuko	subdued
napatag	leveled
napatahimik	silenced
napataka	shavings
napatakbo	ran
napatanyag	became famous
napatapon	exiles
napatatatag	stable
napatawa	made me laugh
napatawad	forgiven
napatay	killed
napatid	broken
napatigil	stopped
napatindig	stood up
napatingin	looked at
napatitigil	stopped
napatunayan	proven
napatunayang	proven
napatungan	overwritten
napatungo	headed
napatutunayan	proven
napatutunayang	proven
napatutungo	destined
napauling	restored
napaurong	retreated
napauwi	returned home
napawalang	deleted
napawi	erased
napayapa	peaceful
napayuhan	advised
napayuko	bowed down
Naphis	Napheus
Naphtuhim	Naphthum
napighati	napighati
napigil	stopped
napigilang	prevented
napikit	buttons
napilansikan	splashed
napilay	crippled
napilayan	crippled
napili	chosen
napiling	chosen
napilit	forced
napilitan	forced
napilitang	forced
napinsala	damaged
napipi	dumbfounded
napipighati	distressed
napipighating	distressed
napipigil	restrained
napipigilan	constrained
napipilan	delayed
napipilay	lame
napipiletehan	piloted
napipilitan	forced
napipilitang	forced
napipinsala	damaged
napipisa	hatching
napipisan	crowded
napipisang	selected
napisa	write
napisan	written
napitas	picked
napitasan	pierced
naplano	planned
napoot	hated
napopoot	hateful
napudpod	down-at-heel
napugnaw	melted
napukaw	aroused
napuksa	destroyed
napulot	picked up
napuluputan	I'm hungry.
napuna	noticed
napunit	torn
napuno	FILLED
napunta	went
napuntahan	been there
napupugnaw	melting
napupuna	noticeable
napupunan	filled
napupunit	tearing
napupuno	filling
napupunta	goes
napupuntahan	visited
napupuri	praiseworthy
napupuspos	overflowing
napuputik	muddy
napuputulan	being cut off
napuputungan	crowned
napuspos	filled
napuspus	full
naputol	cut off
naputong	it was
naputulan	severed
naraanan	passed by
naragdagan	increased
naramdaman	felt
naranasan	experienced
naranasang	experienced
nararaanan	passable
nararamay	many
nararamdaman	feeling
nararamtan	clothed
nararanasan	experiencing
nararanasang	experiencing
nararapat	appropriate
nararatay	stranded
narating	arrived
naratnan	found
naratnang	found
Narciso	Narciso
Narcisus	Narcissus
nardo	nard
narinig	heard
naririnig	audible
naririto	here
naririyan	there is
narito	here
naritong	here
naritoʼy	here it is
nariyan	there
naro	with it
naroo	naroo
naroon	there
naroong	there
naroroon	present
naroroong	present
narumihan	soiled
nasa	in
nasaan	where is
nasabi	said
nasabid	stuck
nasabik	excited
nasabing	said
nasabit	hung
nasadlak	stuck
nasadsad	nasadsad
nasagi	said
nasagot	answered
nasagupa	meets
nasahol	nasahol
nasain	invited
nasaklolohan	rescued
nasakmal	swallowed
nasakop	conquered
nasaksihan	witnessed
nasaktan	hurt
nasalanta	devastated
nasalaula	nasalaula
nasalita	spoken
nasalot	plagued
nasalubong	met
nasamsam	seized
nasamsaman	plundered
nasanay	accustomed
nasang	where
nasangkot	involved
nasanib	sniffing
nasara	victory
nasarhan	nasarhan
nasasa	present
nasasaad	stated
nasasabi	can be said
nasasabihan	being told
nasasabik	excited
nasasabing	said
nasasabog	explosive
nasasadlak	stuck
nasasahol	bad
nasasakay	on board
nasasakbatan	under attack
nasasakbatang	under attack
nasasakitan	hurt
nasasaklaw	covered
nasasakop	covered
nasasaksak	being stabbed
nasasaksihan	witnessed
nasasaktan	hurt
Nasasaktan 	Hurt 
nasasakupan	jurisdiction
nasasakupang	subject to
nasasakyan	on board
nasasalat	tangible
nasasalaula	polluted
nasasalig	dependent
nasasalot	plagued
nasasalubong	meeting
nasasalunuan	contagious
nasasandatahang	armed
nasasangayon	in agreement
nasasara	closing
nasasarang	closing
nasasayahan	happy
nasasayang	wasted
nasasayaran	available
nasasaysay	narrated
nasauli	nasauli
nasawi	deceased
nasayang	wasted
nasaysay	told
nasensus	nasal sense
Nashon	Nashon
nasilaw	blinded
nasilo	hurt
Nasim	Nasim
nasimulang	begun
nasindak	shocked
nasindihan	lit
nasipingan	relations
nasira	broken
nasiraan	broken
nasirang	broken
nasisiguro	assured
nasisikatan	shining
nasisilaw	dazzled
nasisilip	peeking
nasisilo	trapped
nasisimulan	starting
nasisimulang	beginning
nasisinag	transparent
nasisinagan	illuminated
nasisindak	terrified
nasisiphayo	we give it to you
nasisipingan	having sex
nasisira	perishable
nasisiraan	damaged
nasisirang	perishable
nasisiyahan	satisfied
nasisiyahang	pleased
nasisiyasat	under investigation
nasiyahan	satisfied
nasiyahang	satisfied
nasiyasat	investigated
nasobrahan	excessive
nasok	entered
nasubasob	fell
nasubok	tested
nasubsob	sunk
nasubukan	tested
nasugatan	injured
nasugpong	were joined
Nasuhulan	The Promise
nasuklam	disgusted
nasuklian	reciprocated
nasulat	written
nasumpungan	found
nasumpungang	found
nasundan	followed
nasunod	followed
nasunog	burned
nasuot	worn
nasupok	burned
nasupukan	it has been recovered
nasusubasob	falling over
nasusubok	testable
nasusugatan	injured
nasusuhulan	bribed
nasusukat	measurable
nasusuklam	disgusting
nasusukluban	covered
nasusulat	written
nasusulatan	written on
nasusumpa	cursed
nasusumpungan	found
nasusumpungang	found
nasusunod	followable
nasusunog	burning
nasusupok	consumable
nasusuri	under review
nasusuutan	wearable
nasusuya	disgusted
nasuway	broken
nataas	lifted
natabasan	cut off
natabunan	covered
natabunang	covered
natadtad	chopped
natagalan	took a long time
natago	hiding
natagpas	felled
natagpasan	passed
natagpuan	found
natagpuang	found
natahanan	dwelt therein
natahimik	quiet
natakasan	escaped
natakot	scared
natakpan	covered
natala	recorded
natalagang	designated
natalastas	understood
natalian	natalian
natalisod	stumbled
natalo	defeated
natamaan	hit
natamaang	hit
natamasa	enjoyed
natamo	gained
natamong	obtained
Natan	NATHAN
Natanael	Nathanael
natanaw	seen
natanawan	seen
Natanel	Nathaniel
natangay	swept away
natanggal	deleted
natanggalan	removed
natanggap	received
natangi	I read
natanim	planted
natanong	asked
natanyag	famous
natapak	stepped on
natapakan	stepped on
natapon	thrown away
natapong	spilled
natapos	finished
nataranta	confused
natarok	sounded
natataan	scheduled
natataas	rising
natatabingan	screened
natatabunan	covered
natatag	established
natatago	hidden
natatagong	hidden
natatagpuan	found
natatahanan	inhabited
natatahimik	silent
natataho	known
natatakan	sealed
natatakip	covered
natatakot	afraid
natatakpan	covered
natatakpang	covered
natatala	recorded
natatalaga	assigned
natatalagahan	assigned
natatalastas	noticeable
natatali	tied
natatalian	tied up
natataliang	tied
natatalisod	struggling
natatalo	losing
natatalukbungan	veiled
natatamad	lazy
natatamnan	planted
natatamo	achieved
natatanaw	visible
natatanawan	visible
natatandaan	remember
natatandaang	remember
natatangay	drifting
natatanggal	removable
natatanggap	received
natatangi	unique
natatanging	unique
natatanikalaan	chained
natatanim	planted
natataniman	planted
natatanod	being watched
natatanong	questionable
natatapat	honest
natatapos	ends
natatatag	established
natatatakan	sealed
natatawa	laughing
natatayo	standing
natatayong	standing
natauhan	came to his senses
natawa	laughed
natawag	called
Natawid	Inherited
natayo	built
natayong	stood up
Nathan	Nathan
Nathanael	Nathanael
Nathanias	Nathanias
Nathaniel	Nathaniel
nati	born
natibag	broken
natigang	parched
natigil	stuck
natigilan	stunned
natigilang	stunned
natigmak	flooded
natikman	tasted
natikom	bump
natimbang	weighed
natin	our
natin 	our 
natinag	shaken
nating	our
Natingnan	Viewed
natipak	splitting
natipon	gathered
natira	left over
natirang	leftover
natisod	stumbled
natitibag	falling apart
natitibayan	confirmed
Natitigang	Stuck
natitigib	overwhelmed
natitigil	stopping
natitigilan	stunned
natitigmak	being stared at
natitiis	bearable
natitiklop	foldable
natitikman	palatable
natitikmang	tasteful
natitilihan	remaining
natitilihang	remaining
natitinag	shaky
natitipon	gathering
natitira	remaining
natitirang	remaining
natitirik	stuck
natitisod	stumbling
natititig	staring
natitiyak	certain
natiwarik	overturned
natiyak	ensured
natiʼy	natiʼy
natubos	redeemed
natugunan	met
natuklas	discovered
natuklasan	discovered
natuklasang	discovered
natuklaw	bitten
natukso	tempted
natuksong	tempted
natulad	similar
natulak	pushed
natulala	stunned
natuli	circumcised
natulig	Stunned
natulog	slept
natuloy	continued
natuluan	learned
natulungan	helped
natulungang	helped
natumba	fell down
natumbasan	had been atoned
natunaw	melted
natungtungan	trodden
natupad	fulfilled
natupok	consumed
natural	natural
naturan	in nature
naturang	such
naturingan	food
naturingang	considered
naturuan	taught
natuto	learned
natutong	learned
natutubigang	watered
natutubos	redeemable
natutuhan	learned
natutuklap	peeling
natutuklasan	being discovered
natutukso	tempted
natutuksong	tempted
natutulad	similar
natutuli	deaf
natutulog	sleeping
natutulungan	being helped
natutumba	falling down
natutunan	learned
natutunaw	soluble
natutungayaw	being cursed
natutungtungan	stepping on
natutupad	fulfilled
natutupok	edible
natuturuan	teachable
natututo	learning
natututong	learning
natutuwa	happy
natutuyo	drying up
natutuyong	drying
natuwa	happy
natuwang	delighted
natuyo	dried up
natuyong	dried up
natuyuan	dried up
naubos	exhausted
naubusan	ran out
naudyukan	motivated
nauga	dried
nauhaw	thirsty
naukol	nook
naulanan	it rained
naulila	orphaned
naulinigan	overheard
naulit	repeated
naumid	wet
nauna	previous
naunahan	preceded
naunang	previous
naunat	naunat
naunawa	understood
naunawaan	understood
naunawang	understood
naupang	shelter
naupo	sat down
naupong	sat down
nautas	sailors
nautusan	ordered
nauubos	running out
nauubusan	running out
nauuga	with pleasure
nauugnay	related
nauuhaw	thirsty
nauukit	nauuks
nauukol	pertaining to
nauulanan	it is raining
nauulol	crazy
nauumang	pointing
nauuna	it is
nauunahan	preceded
nauunang	previous
nauunawa	understands
nauunawaan	understood
nauupo	sitting
nauupong	sitting
nauupos	running out
nauutusan	ordered
nauuwi	coming home
nauuwing	returning home
nauwi	ended up
nawa	how much
nawaatsubaybayan	nawaatsubaybayan
nawaglit	lost
nawala	lost
nawalan	lost
nawalang	lost
nawalat	widespread
nawalay	separated
nawang	the owl
nawasak	destroyed
nawawala	missing
nawawalan	missing
nawawalang	missing
nawawasak	destroyed
nawaʼy	nawaʼy
nawili	interested
nawisik	the narrator
nawisikan	to be introduced
nawiwili	interested
nayamot	annoyed
nayanig	shaken
nayapakan	new
nayari	done
nayayamot	annoyed
nayayanig	shaking
nayayapakan	trampled
nayayari	nayaari
nayon	village
nayong	village
Nayot	Nayot
nayurakan	to be honest
Nazareno	Nazarene
Nazareo	Nazarite
Nazaret	Nazareth
naʼt	naʼt
Nea	What
Neapolis	Neapolis
Nearia	Nearia
Nearias	Nearias
Nebai	Nebai
Nebaiot	Nebaiot
Nebalat	Nebalat
Neballath	Neballath
Nebat	Plant
Nebayot	Nebayot
Nebayoth	Nebaioth
nebo	or
Nebucadnezar	Nebuchadnezzar
Nebushazban	Nebushazban
Nebuzaradan	Nebuzaradan
Nebuzazban	Nebuchadnezzar
nechao	nechao
Neco	Something
Necoda	Necoda
Nedabia	Unnatural
Nedabias	Unnatural
Nefeg	Nefeg
Nefilim	Nephilim
Neftali	Naphtali
Neftoa	Nephtua
Negeb	Negev
Negev	Negev
nego	than
negosyante	businessman
negosyanteng	businessman
negosyo	business
Negro	Negro
Neh	Neh
Nehelam	Nehelam
Nehelamita	Nehemiah
Nehemias	Nehemiah
Nehiel	Nehiel
Nehum	Nahum
Nehushtan	Nehushtan
Nehusta	Nehusta
Nehustan	Nehustan
Neiel	Neil
Nekeb	For you
Nemuel	Nemuel
Nemuelita	Nemuelita
Nene	Nene
Nepheg	Nepheg
Nephegh	Nephegh
Nephisesim	Nephthys
nephtali	Naphtali
Nephtoa	Nephtoa
Nephtuim	Nephtuiim
Nephusim	Nephusim
Nepthali	Naphtali
Ner	Down
Nereo	Nereus
Nereus	Nereus
Nergal	Nergal
Neri	Blacks
Neria	Diving
Nerias	Nerias
Nesia	Nesia
Nesib	Chance
Netaim	Netaim
Netanel	Nethanel
Netania	Netanya
Netanias	Nethaniah
Nethanias	Nethanias
Nethineo	Nethineo
Nethopha	And the top.
Nethophathita	Netophathita
Nethophatita	Netophathite
Netofa	Netophah
Netofatita	Netofatita
Netofatno	Netofatno
Netopha	Netopha
Netophathita	Netophathita
Netophatita	Biology:Neophyta
Neusta	Neusta
Nezib	Nezib
ng	of
ng 	of 
nga	that
nga 	that 
ngala	the sky
ngalan	name
ngalang	name
ngalangala	palate
ngang	horizontal
ngangatngatin	to wake up
ngatngat	gnaw
ngayo	about it
ngayon	now
ngayong	now
ngayoʼy	with it
ngaʼt	immediately
ngaʼy	now
nginalanan	I have a problem.
nginangata	sly
nginangatngat	gnawing
nginatngat	gnawed
ngingiti	smile
nginingiwian	grimacing
nginunguya	chewing
nginunguya 	chewing 
nginunguyang	chewing
nginusuan	sniffed
ngipi	dream
ngipin	tooth
ngiping	tooth
ngiti	smile
ngiyak	cry
Ngumanga	Stunned
ngumangatngat	gnawing
ngumatngat	to gnaw
ngumingiti	smiling
ngumiti	smile
ngumunguya	chew
nguni	but
ngunit	but
ngunit 	but 
nguso	snout
nguyain	chew
ni	in
Nibhaz	Nibhaz
Nibkaz	Nibkaz
Nibsan	Nibsan
Nibshan	Nibshan
Nicanor	Nicanor
Nicoda	Nicoda
Nicodemo	Nicodemus
Nicodemus	Nicodemus
Nicolaita	Nicolaitane
Nicolas	Nicolas
Nicopolis	Nicopolis
niebe	snow
niebeng	snow
Niel	Niel
nieve	snow
nieveng	nieveng
Niger	Niger
niknik	gnat
nila	their
nila 	their 
nilabag	violated
nilabanan	resisted
nilabas	released
nilabasan	came out
nilabhan	nilabhabhi
nilabnot	torn
nilabo	troubledst
nilaga	stew
nilagang	stew
nilagari	sawn
nilagas	spilled
nilagay	placed
nilagdaan	signed
nilaginlin	nilaginlin
nilagot	annoyed
nilagpakan	knocked down
nilagyan	equipped
nilait	cursed
nilakad	walked
nilakara	carried
nilakaran	walked
nilakasan	strengthened
nilakbay	traveled
nilakhan	nilakhan
nilakipan	attached
nilalabag	being violated
nilalabanan	being fought against
nilalabas	coming out
nilalabasan	exiting
nilalabhan	being washed
nilalagnat	feverish
nilalagok	being played
nilalagot	being cut off
nilalagpasan	being passed
nilalagyan	placed
nilalait	insulted
nilalakad	walking
nilalakaran	walking
Nilalakbay	Traveling
nilalakihan	grown up
nilalala	spread out
nilalalang	being created
nilalaman	content
nilalamon	swallowed
nilalang	creature
nilalanguyan	swimming
nilalansag	rends
nilalapa	crushed
Nilalaparan	Spreading
nilalapastangan	being blasphemed
nilalapatan	applied
nilalapitan	being approached
nilalasap	savored
nilalasing	drunk
nilalayon	intended
nilalayuan	being kept away from
nilambat	net
nilamon	swallowed
nilampasan	passed
nilampisaw	fouled
nilamuray	scolded
nilang	their
nilangisan	oiled
nilango	drunk
nilansag	discomfited
nilapa	torn
nilapang	crawled
nilapastangan	desecrated
nilapastangang	desecrated
nilapatan	applied
nilapitan	approached
nilapnusan	flayed
nilarawan	described
nilarawanan	imagery
nilasing	drunk
nilaslas	slashed
nilason	poisoned
Nilatagan	Coated
nilaw	yellow
nilayasan	abandoned
Nilaynilayin	Contemplated
nilayon	intended
nilayuan	far away
nilaʼt	nilaʼt
nilaʼy	nilaʼy
nilibak	ridiculed
nilibang	amused
nilibot	toured
niligalig	harassed
niligid	rolled
niligis	ground
niligtas	rescued
nilihisan	carried it aside
nilikha	created
nilikhang	created
nilikuan	I was there.
nililibak	mocked
nililibang	entertained
nililibot	touring
nililibutan	surrounded
nililigalig	harassed
nililigaya	happy
nililigid	rolled
nililiglig	shaken
nililikha	creating
nilililiman	shaded
nililiman	shaded
nililimliman	shaded
nililimlimang	shaded
nililimot	forgetting
nililingap	looking forward to
nililingon	looking back
nililinis	cleaning
nililinlang	deceived
nililipad	flying
nililipol	i was a pol
nililipos	being filled
nililisan	being abandoned
nililitis	on trial
nililito	confusing
nililiwanagan	being illuminated
nililiyaban	nililiyaban
nililiyag	being released
nililok	sculpted
nilimot	forgotten
nilingap	favored
nilingon	looked at
nilinis	cleaned
nilinisan	cleaned
nilinlang	deceived
nilipad	flown
nilipol	destroyed
nilisan	abandoned
nilitis	tried
nilito	I am here.
nilitson	grilled
nilitsong	grilled
Nilo	Need
niloko	cheated
niloloko	being deceived
niloob	granted
nilubayan	abandoned
nilubid	nipples
nilubos	completely
nilubugan	sun went down
niluglog	nilelog
niluhud	kneeling
niluhuran	prostrate themselves, yes
nilukuban	covered
nilulon	swallowed
nilulubugan	being immersed
niluluhuran	bowing down
nilulukso	jumping
nilulukuban	possessed
nilululon	being rolled up
nilulundagan	jumping
nilulunok	swallowing
nilulupig	conquering
niluluraan	spitting
niluluray	being torn apart
nilulusaw	dissolved
niluluslusan	bruised
nilulusob	attack
nilulustay	squandered
niluluto	being cooked
niluluwalhati	glorified
nilumpo	paralyzed
nilundag	nilundag
nilunod	drowned
nilunok	swallowed
nilupig	conquered
niluraan	spit
niluran	spit
niluray	niluray
nilusob	attacked
nilusong	down
nilustay	squandered
niluto	cooked
nilutong	cooked
niluwalhati	glorified
niluwang	expanded
Nimfa	Nymph
Nimfas	Nymph
nimra	Nimra
Nimrim	Nimrim
Nimrod	Nimrod
Nimshi	Nimshi
Nimsi	Nimsi
nina	nina
ninais	desired
ninakaw	stolen
ninakawan	robbed
ninanais	desired
ninanakaw	being stolen
ninanakawan	being robbed
ninanamnam	delicious
ninanasa	desired
ninanasang	desired
ninasa	desired
Nineve	Nineveh
ningas	flame
ningning	brightness
Ninive	Ninive
Ninivita	Nineveh
nino	nino
ninoman	anyone
ninomang	anyone
ninuman	anyone
ninumang	anyone
ninuno	ancestor
ninunong	ancestor
ninunoʼy	ancestor
ninyo	yours
ninyo 	yours 
ninyong	yours
ninyoʼt	you are
ninyoʼy	you are
nirentahan	rented
nireregaluhan	given as a gift
nireregla	menstruating
Nirerendahan	Restricted
nirespeto	respected
niring	ring
Nisan	April
Nisroc	Nisroc
Nisroch	Nisroch
nito	this
nito 	this 
nitong	this
nitoʼy	nitoʼy
nitso	tomb
niwakasan	New
niwalaan	believed
niwalan	lost
niwalang	lost
niwawakasan	terminated
niwawalan	lost
niwawalang	missing
niwawari	consider
niya	him/her
niya 	him/her 
niyakap	hugged
niyamot	rule
niyan	that
niyang	his/her
niyanig	shaken
niyao	that's it
niyaon	there
niyaong	that one
niyapak	niyapak
niyapakan	trampled
niyapakang	foot
niyapos	hugged
niyari	made
niyaring	made
niyaya	invited
niyayakap	hugging
niyayanig	shaking
niyayapakan	trampled
niyayari	done
niyaʼt	Ṣniyāt
niyaʼy	niyaʼy
niyebe	SNOW
niyo	yours
niyon	that
niyong	yours
niyukuran	New
niyurakan	trampled
niyuyukuran	bow down
niyuyurakan	trampled
no	no
Noa	Noah
Noadia	Noadia
Noadias	Noadias
Noamon	Noamon
Nob	Nob
Noba	No matter
nobya	bride
nobyang	girlfriend
Nobyembre	November
nobyo	boyfriend
Nod	Nod
Nodab	Nodab
Nodabeo	Nodabeo
Noe	Something
Noemi	Naomi
Nof	Nof
Nofa	Nofa
Noga	Carefully
Noha	Although
noo	us
noon	noon
noong	when
nooʼy	now
Nopha	Nope.
nota	use
notang	note
nsa	nsa
numero	number
numinipis	thinning
Nun	Nun
nuno	nuno
nunong	grandfather
nuwebe	nine
nyebe	snow
Nymfa	Nymfa
nʼyo	yours
nʼyo 	yours 
nʼyong	nʼyong
nʼyoʼy	in the year
o	the
oasis	oasis
Oba	Both
Obadias	Obadiah
Obal	Packaging
Obdias	Obdias
Obed	Lunch
Obil	Obil
obispo	obispo
obligadong	obligatory
Obot	Mountain
Oboth	Oboth
obra	work
obserbahan	observe
Ochozias	Ahaziah
Ocran	Okran
Odaia	The room
Odaias	Odaias
Odavia	Odavia
Odavias	Odavia's
Oded	Oded
Odevia	Clothing
Odias	You hate
of	of
Ofel	Floor
oficial	official
Ofir	Ofir
Ofni	Afraid
Ofra	From
Og	And
oh	oh
Ohad	Ohad
Oham	Example
Ohel	Ohel
Ohola	Leaders
Oholiab	Oholiab
Oholiba	Oholibah
Oholibama	Oholibamah
okasyon	occasion
okasyong	occasion
Oktubre	Oct.
oleo	oil
oliba	olive
olibo	OLIVE
olibo 	OLIVE 
olibohan	oribohan
olibong	you are beautiful
Olimpas	Olympus
oliva	olive
olivo	olive tree
Olon	People
Omar	Omar
omega	omega
omer	omer
Omri	Omri
Onam	Mom
Onan	YOUTH
one	one
Onesiforo	Onesiphorus
Onesiforus	Onesiphorus
Onesimo	Status
Onesimus	Onesimus
Oni	They
onika	who gives
onise	designer
onix	onyx
Ono	This
onsa	ounce
onycha	onycha
oo	yes
oordina	ordinarily
Ophel	Ophel
Ophir	Ophir
Ophni	Ophni
Ophra	Ophra
opinyon	opinion
opisyal	OFFICIAL
opisyal 	OFFICIAL 
opo	widow
oras	time
oras 	time 
orasan	clock
orasang	clock
ordina	order
ordinahan	ordained
ordinaryong	ordinary
Oreb	Oreb
oregim	oregim
Orem	Orem
Oren	Oren
organisasyon	organization contact
Organisasyong	Organization
Origem	Origin
orihinal	original
Orion	Orion
Ornan	Ornan
Orpa	Orpah
Orpah	Orpah
Orpha	Orpha
Osaia	Osaia
Osaias	Osaias
Oseas	Hosea
Osem	Eight
Osnapar	Osnapar
oso	very
osong	bear
ostrich	ostrich
ostrits	ostrits
Othir	Others
Othni	Othni
Othniel	Othniel
Othoniel	Othoniel
Otni	Horse
Otniel	Othniel
oy	Ltd
Ozem	My name is Ozem.
Ozias	Uzziah
Ozni	Ozni
Oznita	Notice
P	P
pa	but
paa	on
paaabutin	paabutin
paaagusin	paaguisin
paaakit	attraction
paaalagaan	care
paaalalahanan	remind
paaalipin	slavery
paaalisin	to be removed
paaalising	eviction
paabot	forward
paabutin	extend
paagusin	to spill
paahit	pass
paahitan	pass
paahon	uphill
paahong	ascending
paakyat	uphill
Paal	Pole
paalaala	reminder
paalaga	guardian
paalala	reminder
paalalahanan	remind
paalam	goodbye
paalipin	bale pin
paalis	leaving
paalisin	expel
paalising	eviction
paaliw	comfort
paamuin	tame
paana	fruit
paanan	foot
paanea	strange
paang	foot
paano	how
Paano 	How 
paanong	how
paanoʼy	paanoʼy
paanyaya	invitation
Paarai	Paarai
paaralan	school
paasahin	to hope
paatrasin	push back
paawat	stop
paawit	song
Paawitin	Let me sing.
paayon	longitudinal
paaʼt	paʼt
paaʼy	pay
pababa	down
pabababain	to lower
pababagalin	slow down
pababagsakin	to demolish
pababahain	will be flooded
pababain	lower
pababalikin	will be returned
Pababalikin 	Will be returned 
pababaliking	returning
pababalitaan	news
pababanalin	sanctify
pababangunin	to be awakened
pababaunan	rain
pababayaan	to neglect
pababayaang	to be abandoned
pababayaang 	to be abandoned 
pabago	changing
pabagsakin	to overthrow
pabagu	changeable
pabahain	flood
pabalang	warning
pabalik	back
pabalikin	return
pabalita	news
pabalutan	wrap
pabanalin	sanctify
pabango	perfume
pabangong	perfume
pabangoʼy	perfume
pabangunin	to wake up
pabantayan	guard
pabantayang	to be watched
pabato	sinker
pabatong	weighted measuring-line
pabaunan	to be buried
pabautismo	BE BAPTIZED
pabaya	bad
pabayaan	neglect
pabayaang	neglect
pabibihisan	to dress
pabibili	for sale
pabigat	burden
pabigatan	burden
pabigatin	to burden
pabigla	impulsively
pabili	purchase
pabilisin	speed up
pabillong	pavilion
pabilog	circular
pabimento	pavement
Pablo	Pablo
Pablong	Paul
pabo	turkey
pabor	favor
paborito	favorite
paboritong	favorite
pabubutihin	improvement
pabugsuan	to blow
pabukalin	let it boil
pabulaanan	refute
Pabulong	Whispering
paburdahan	paburdahan
pabutihin	improve
padaanin	pass by
padabog	explosive
padadaanin	to pass through
padadagsaan	overflowing
Padadagundungin	Thunderous
padadakilain	bless
padadala	sending
padadalhan	to be sent
padadalhan 	to be sent 
padadaluyin	shed
padadamihin	multiply
padadapain	to be carried
padadapuin	will cause
padadatnin	to be sent
padadaya	deceived
padaig	paddock
padakilain	padakilain
padala	shipment
padalahan	send
padalhan	send
padalos	hasty
padalus	quickly
padaluyan	channel
padaluyin	to flow
Padan	Match
padapa	flat
padaranasin	padaranasin
padating	coming
Padatingin	Padatingin
padatnin	compact
padaya	feast
Padazur	Padazur
pader	wall
padidikitin	increase
padidilimin	increase
padilatin	to spread
Padilim	Darkness
padilimin	darken
padiliming	darkening
paet	straw
Pafos	Paphos
pag	when
pagaabang	waited
pagaakala	assumption
pagaakalang	assumption
pagaaksayang	waste
pagaalaala	remembrance
pagaalab	inflammation
pagaalaga	care
pagaalapaap	cloudiness
pagaalay	offering
pagaalinglangan	hesitation
pagaalinlangan	doubt
pagaalinlanganin	to doubt
pagaalis	removal
pagaani	harvest
pagaanin	lighten
pagaantok	drowsiness
pagaaral	study
pagaasawa	marriage
pagaasawahin	to be married
pagaatag	forced labor
pagaaway	quarrel
pagaawitan	singing
pagaayuno	fasting
pagabuloy	forgiveness
pagagaanin	ease
pagagalain	will be divided
pagagalakin	to be happy
pagagalawgalawin	movementmovement
pagagalingin	to be cured
pagagalinging	healed
pagagalitan	scolding
pagagandahin	to beautify
pagagaw	rapture
pagagawin	to be done
pagahon	coming up
pagal	according to
pagala	wanderer
pagalaala	remembrance
pagalaan	pagalaan
pagalagala	wandering
pagalakin	to cheer up
pagalaking	he should
pagalam	finally
pagalingin	heal
pagalipusta	accusation
pagalis	departure
pagalit	hostile
pagalitan	scold
pagaliw	comfortably
pagandahin	beautify
pagangal	to be careful
pagani	pagani
pagano	pagano
paganong	pagan
pagapaw	rampant
pagapi	insults
pagapos	completion of
pagaral	payroll
pagaralan	to study
pagasa	hope
pagasang	hope
pagaspas	slap
pagatag	tribute
pagawa	construction
pagawaan	workshop
pagawaang	workshop
pagawan	employee
pagawin	to do
pagawit	singing
Pagayakin	Make me cry.
pagayo	greatly
pagayongayon	idle
pagayongayong	idle
pagbaba	descent
pagbabago	change
pagbabagong	change
pagbabagsak	subversion
pagbabahabahagi	sharing
pagbabahagi	sharing
pagbabahagihan	to share
pagbabaka	battle
pagbabakang	battle
pagbabakasakali	risk taking
pagbabakay	planning
pagbabala	prognosis
pagbabalak	planning
Pagbabalakan	Vaccination
pagbabalik	return
pagbabalikan	return
pagbabalikang	return
pagbabalita	news
Pagbabang	Descent
pagbabangon	uprising
pagbabangong	resurrection
pagbabanta	threat
pagbabantaan	threaten
pagbabantay	surveillance
pagbabasa	reading
pagbabasbas	blessing
pagbabata	endurance
pagbabatayan	to base on
pagbabatuhanan	to be stoned
pagbabatuhin	to stone
pagbabautismo	baptism
Pagbabawal	Prohibition
pagbabayad	payment
pagbabayaran	payment
pagbabayarang	payment
pagbabayarin	to pay
pagbagabag	cease
Pagbago	Change
pagbagsak	collapse
pagbagtas	journey
pagbahabahaginin	to share
pagbaka	battle
pagbakay	ambush
pagbale	waiver
pagbali	DISTORTION
pagbalik	return
pagbalikan	retrace
pagbaling	turning
pagbalong	to wave
pagbanat	stretching
Pagbanggit	Mention
pagbangon	rising
pagbantaan	threaten
pagbantayin	to be careful
pagbasa	reading
pagbasag	breakage
pagbata	birth
pagbati	GREETINGS
pagbating	FEELINGS
Pagbato	Stone throwing
pagbatuhanan	to be stoned
pagbautismo	baptized
pagbawalan	prohibit
pagbawalang	prohibition
pagbawi	recovery
pagbayad	payment
pagbayaran	payment
pagbayarin	to pay
pagbaybay	spelling
Pagbebendisyon	Blessing
pagbebenta	sale
Pagbendisyon	Blessing
pagbibigay	giving
pagbibigkis	binding
pagbibigkisin	to tie
pagbibigyan	giving
pagbibihis	dressing
Pagbibilhan	Purchase
pagbibilihang	purchase
pagbibilinan	to be ordered
pagbibingi	deafness
pagbibintang	accusation
pagbibintangan	accusation
pagbibiro	joking
pagbibirong	joking
pagbibitaw	release
Pagbibitayan	Hanging
pagbibiyahe	travel
pagbibiyaya	blessing
pagbigkis	binding
pagbigyan	grant
pagbigyang	grant
pagbihag	conquest
pagbihisin	dress
pagbilang	counting
pagbilhan	to buy
pagbili	purchase
pagbilinan	to order
pagbilog	rounding
pagbingwit	fishing
pagbintangan	accuse
pagbisita	VISITS
pagbiyayaan	be gracious
pagbububo	pouring
pagbubugso	blowing
Pagbubugtungan	Matching
pagbubuhat	lifting
pagbubuhatan	to carry out
pagbubuhos	infusion
pagbubuhusan	pouring
pagbubuka	opening
pagbubukang	opening
pagbubukas	opening
pagbubukdinbukdin	break up
pagbubukid	farming
pagbubukod	exception
pagbubukodbukod	sorting
pagbubuksan	opening
pagbubukud	isolation
pagbubulaan	lie
pagbubulag	blinding
pagbubulay	meditation
pagbubulayan	to meditate
pagbubulaybulay	meditation
pagbubunga	fruiting
pagbubungad	opening
Pagbubungahin	Fruiting
pagbubungkal	tillage
pagbubungtong	climax
pagbubuntis	pregnancy
pagbubuntong	filling
pagbubunutan	drawing lots
pagbuburda	embroidery
pagbuga	exhalation
pagbugbog	beating
pagbuhatan	to do
pagbuhay	revival
pagbuhos	pouring
pagbuhusan	to pour
pagbukang	opening
Pagbukas	Opening
pagbuksan	opening
pagbukud	separation
pagbulag	DIVIDED
pagbulay	meditation
pagbulusok	plunging
pagbunga	effectuation
pagbunot	extraction
pagbutihin	improve
pagdaan	passing by
pagdaanan	to pass through
pagdadaan	passing through
pagdadahilan	excuse
pagdadala	carrying
pagdadalahan	carrying
pagdadalamhati	mourning
pagdadalamhatiin	to grieve
pagdadalang	pregnancy
pagdadaldal	chatter
pagdadalhan	delivery
pagdadalhang	carrying
pagdadalita	humiliation
pagdadalitang	torture
Pagdadamitin	Clothing
pagdadamutan	to be entertained
pagdagsa	influx
pagdagundong	rumble
pagdaing	moan
pagdaka	immediately
pagdakila	exaltation
pagdakip	arrest
pagdakma	grasp
pagdakot	disappearance
pagdala	BRINGING
pagdalamhatiin	afflict
pagdalang	delivery
pagdalangin	prayer
pagdalaw	visit
Pagdalawahin	reduplicate
pagdalhan	have smth. delivered to
pagdalhin	Consider having
pagdalisay	purification
pagdalitaan	Suffer
pagdalo	attendance
pagdaloy	flow
pagdaluhong	sally
pagdamay	sympathy
pagdamba	dancing
pagdami	increase
pagdamutan	to be treated
pagdanak	spillage
pagdanasin	subject
pagdangkal	picking up
pagdaraan	passing through
pagdaraanan	passage
pagdaragat	sailing
pagdarahop	poverty
pagdaramdam	pain
Pagdaranasin	Suffering
pagdaraos	holding
pagdarasal	praying
pagdarausan	venue
pagdaraya	cheating
pagdating	arrival
pagdedeklara	declaration
pagdidigma	warfare
pagdidigmaan	warfare
pagdidili	digestion
pagdidilidili	contemplation
pagdidilimin	darken
pagdidisenyo	designing
pagdidisiplina	discipline
pagdidisiplinang	discipline
pagdigma	pagdigma
Pagdilat	Dilation
pagdilim	darkness
pagdinig	hearing
pagdiriwang	celebration
pagdisiplina	disciplining
pagdududa	doubt
Pagdudugtungin	Connection
pagdudumi	diarrhea
pagdudusahan	suffering
Pagdugtong	solidarity
pagdugtungin	connect
pagdukit	tearing
pagdulog	approach
pagdumog	wrestling
pagdurog	crushing
pagdurugo	bleeding
pagdurugtong	connection
pagdurusa	suffering
pagdurusahan	to suffer
pagdurusang	suffering
pagdusahan	to suffer
pagdusahin	afflict
pagdusta	contempt
pagduwahagi	reproaches
pagembalsama	same page
paggabay	guidance
paggagala	wandering
paggagawad	award
paggala	wandering
paggalang	respect
paggaling	recovery
paggamit	use
paggamot	treatment
pagganap	performance
paggaod	rowing
paggapang	crawling
paggapas	mowing
paggawa	work
paggawang	making
paggayak	decoration
paggiba	demolition
paggiik	threshing
paggiliw	affection
pagginhawa	breath
paggising	awakening
paggugupit	shearing
pagguhit	drawing
pagguho	erosion
paggulong	rolling
paggunamgunam	contemplation
paggunaw	destruction
paggunita	remembrance
paggutom	starvation
paghabi	weaving
paghabol	chase
paghadlang	obstruction
paghagibis	throwing
paghagulgol	wailing
paghagupit	whipping
paghahabol	pursuit
paghahagis	casting
paghahahampasin	beating
paghahain	serving
paghahakot	transportation
paghahalihalili	alternating
paghahalinhinan	exchange
paghahalintulad	analogy
paghahalo	mixing
paghahalohalo	mixing
paghahalughog	search
paghahalukipkip	folding hands
paghahambing	comparison
paghahambog	boasting
paghahanap	search
paghahanapbuhay	earning a living
paghahanda	preparation
paghahandaan	to prepare
paghahandang	preparation
paghahandog	offering
paghahandugan	offering
paghahangad	aspiration
paghaharap	confrontation
paghahari	reign
paghaharian	reign
paghahariang	reign
paghahariin	to reign
paghaharing	reign
paghahasik	sowing
paghahati	division
paghahatian	division
paghahatiang	division
paghahatid	delivery
paghahatiin	division
paghahatol	judgment
paghahayag	revelation
paghakbang	stepping
paghakot	transport
paghalik	kissing
paghalili	succession
paghalinghing	moan
Paghalu	Mixing
paghaluin	mix
paghalukipkip	hugging
paghamak	contempt
paghampas	beating
paghanap	search
paghandain	prepare
paghandugan	offer
paghanga	admiration
paghangang	admiration
paghango	adoption
paghapon	perching
pagharap	confrontation
pagharian	reign
paghariin	reign
paghati	division
paghatian	division
paghatid	delivery
paghatol	judgment
paghawak	handling
paghibik	sob
paghiga	lying down
paghigantihan	revenge
paghihiganti	revenge
paghihigantihan	revenge
paghihikahos	poverty
paghihikayat	encouragement
paghihimagsik	rebellion
paghihinagpis	regret
paghihinala	suspicion
paghihintay	waiting
paghihintayin	to wait
paghihip	blowing
paghihirap	suffering
paghihiwa	cutting
paghihiwalay	separation
paghihiwalayin	to separate
paghihiyawan	outcry
paghikayat	encouragement
paghila	pulling
paghiling	request
Paghilot	Hilo
paghimagsikan	mutiny
paghimlay	resting
paghimod	to stir
paghimok	encouragement
paghinalaang	suspected
paghinang	downturn
paghingi	request
paghinog	maturation
paghintayin	wait
paghinto	stopping
paghipo	touch
paghirang	appointment
paghirapan	toil
paghirapin	to suffer
paghiwalay	separation
paghiwalayin	separate
paghiyaw	shouting
paghugasan	washing
paghuhubad	undressing
paghuhugas	washing
Paghuhugasan	Washing
paghuhugis	shaping
paghuhukay	excavation
paghuhukom	judgment
paghuhukuman	judgment
paghuhusay	improvement
Paghuhusga	Judgment
paghukom	judgments
paghuli	capture
paghulog	dropping
paghuni	whine
paghupa	subsidence
pagibig	love
pagidlip	pagidlip
Pagiel	Pagiel
pagiging	being
pagiginhawahin	to be relieved
pagiiba	difference
pagiibigan	love
pagiibigang	love
pagiihawan	pagiihawan
pagiik	snort
pagiingat	caution
pagiingatang	preservation
pagiinit	heat
pagiisip	thinking
pagiiwan	abandonment
pagilag	escape
Pagingatan	Caution
pagingatang	caution
paginhawahin	relieve
paginit	paginated
paginom	drinking
pagispis	hangover
pagitan	interval
pagitang	interval
pagiyak	crying
pagjujubileo	pagejubilee
pagka	when
Pagkaaba	wretchedness
pagkaabala	busyness
pagkaagaw	taking
pagkaahon	immediately,
Pagkaahung	And immediately
pagkaakyat	ascension
pagkaalaala	memory
pagkaalabok	dustiness
pagkaalam	knowledge
pagkaalipin	slavery
pagkaaliping	slavery
pagkaalis	departure
pagkaaliw	comfort
pagkaapi	oppression
pagkaapostol	apostleship
pagkaaring	being
pagkaasawa	a wife
pagkaawa	pity
pagkaawang	almsdeeds
pagkaawit	After singing
pagkaayos	arrangement
pagkababa	decline
pagkababae	femininity
pagkabagabag	restlessness
pagkabagbag	wreckage
pagkabagsak	collapse
pagkabaha	flooding
pagkabahagi	division
pagkabahala	anxiety
pagkabalang	kind
pagkabali	fracture
Pagkabalik	After returning
pagkabalisa	anxiety
pagkabalita	When
pagkabalo	widowhood
pagkabanal	sainthood
pagkabansa	nationality
pagkabantog	prominence
pagkabao	widowhood
pagkabaog	INFERTILITY
pagkabasa	wetness
Pagkabasbas	Blessing
pagkabata	childhood
pagkabataʼy	childhood
pagkabayan	being a
pagkabayawak	kind
pagkabigay	giving
Pagkabigkas	Pronunciation
pagkabigla	shock
pagkabigong	failure
pagkabihag	captivity
pagkabilang	counting
pagkabilanggo	CAPTIVITY
pagkabili	purchase
pagkabinata	youth
pagkabingi	deafness
pagkabirhen	virginity
Pagkabit	Connection
pagkabitin	to hang
pagkabubo	shedding
pagkabugbog	beating
pagkabuhay	resurrection
pagkabuhos	shedding
pagkabukas	openness
pagkabulag	blindness
pagkabulok	decay
pagkabunso	youth
pagkaburda	needlework
Pagkabusog	Satiety
pagkabuti	how good
pagkabuwal	collapse
pagkadahilanan	reproachfully
pagkadakila	greatness
Pagkadakip	Arrest
pagkadala	be when
pagkadalaga	virginity
pagkadalamhati	grief
pagkadalang	carrying
pagkadalangbihag	away
pagkadilat	opening
pagkadukot	kidnapping
pagkadurog	crushing
pagkadusta	ignominy
pagkaduwahagi	scorning
pagkagahaman	greed
pagkagalak	joy
pagkagaling	recovery
pagkagalit	anger
pagkaganap	fulfillment
pagkaganda	beauty
pagkagapos	bondage
pagkagat	bite
pagkagavilan	boredom
pagkagawa	workmanship
pagkagaya	being like
pagkagiba	destruction
pagkaginhawa	prosperity
pagkagising	waking up
pagkaguhit	lined
pagkaguho	collapse
pagkagulat	surprise
pagkagulo	confusion
pagkagunaw	catastrophe
pagkagupiling	dreamers
pagkagutom	hunger
pagkahabag	compassion
pagkahalaga	valuation
pagkahalal	election
pagkahalata	Aware
pagkahamak	wretchedness
pagkahampas	scourgings
pagkahanda	preparedness
pagkahandog	offering
pagkahantong	deterioration
pagkahapak	burst
pagkahapis	sadness
pagkahari	KINGSHIP
pagkahasik	sown
pagkahatid	delivery
pagkahating	And at
pagkahatol	conviction
pagkahawa	infection
pagkahawak	grip
pagkahayag	Revelation
pagkahilig	inclination
pagkahimlay	being here
Pagkahinahina	weak
pagkahinang	weakness
pagkahipo	bruising
pagkahirang	appointment
Pagkahiraphirap	How hard
pagkahiwalay	separation
pagkahiya	shame
pagkahubad	nakedness
pagkahukom	judgment
pagkahula	predicted
pagkahuli	lateness
pagkahulog	FALL
pagkahumaling	obsession
pagkai	food
pagkaibig	love
pagkaidlip	nap
Pagkaigi	Excellence
pagkaiinam	goodness
pagkain	food
pagkaing	food
pagkaingat	caution
pagkainggit	envy
pagkainip	impatience
pagkainis	irritation
pagkainom	drinking
pagkaitan	deprivation
pagkaiwan	leaving
pagkakaalam	knowledge
pagkakaalit	enmity
pagkakaalitan	strife
pagkakaayon	CONSISTENCY
pagkakaayos	arrangement
pagkakababa	humiliation
pagkakabaha	flooding
pagkakabahabahagi	division
pagkakabahagi	division
pagkakabaldado	disability
pagkakabihag	captivity
pagkakabilanggo	imprisonment
pagkakabili	purchase
pagkakabit	connection
pagkakabitan	Masonry
pagkakabitin	hanging
pagkakabuklod	unity
pagkakaburda	embroidery
pagkakagalit	conflict
pagkakagamit	usage
pagkakagawa	workmanship
pagkakagiba	destruction
pagkakagulo	chaos
pagkakagutom	famine
pagkakahalihalili	alternation
pagkakahalohalo	mixture
pagkakahanay	alignment
pagkakahati	division
pagkakahawak	grip
pagkakahiga	bedridden
pagkakahimlay	lying down
pagkakahirang	appointment
pagkakahiwalay	separation
pagkakahoy	kind
pagkakahulma	molding
pagkakaiba	difference
pagkakaibang	difference
pagkakaibigan	friendship
pagkakaibigang	friendship
Pagkakaila	Denial
pagkakailangan	necessity
pagkakain	food
pagkakainggitan	jealousy
pagkakaisa	unity
Pagkakaisahin	Unity
pagkakaisang	unity
pagkakaisda	fishing
pagkakaitan	deprivation
pagkakakalupkop	inclosings
pagkakakilala	acquaintance
pagkakakitaan	income
pagkakakulong	imprisonment
pagkakalagay	placement
pagkakalakip	attachment
pagkakalat	dispersion
pagkakalbo	baldness
pagkakalikha	creation
pagkakaloob	provision
pagkakalooban	to be granted
pagkakaloobang	granting
pagkakalugmok	collapse
pagkakamaganak	kinsman
pagkakamal	accumulation
pagkakamali	mistake
pagkakamaling	mistake
pagkakampi	partisanship
pagkakampikampi	factionalism
pagkakampuhan	camping
pagkakanan	food
pagkakansela	cancellation
pagkakanulo	betrayal
pagkakapagmapuri	herself
pagkakapako	crucifixion
pagkakapanalo	winning
pagkakapanganak	birth
pagkakapangkat	schism
pagkakapantay	equality
pagkakapantaypantay	equality
pagkakapatay	murder
pagkakapatid	brotherhood
pagkakapatiran	brotherhood
pagkakaputol	amputation
pagkakaroon	existence
pagkakasabi	saying
pagkakasakit	illness
pagkakasal	marriage
pagkakasala	guilt
pagkakasalang	offense
pagkakasalot	plague
pagkakastahan	accommodation
pagkakasugat	injury
pagkakasugpong	connection
pagkakasulat	writing
pagkakasundo	reconciliation
pagkakasunduin	agreement
pagkakasunod	sequence
pagkakasunud	order
pagkakatahi	sewing
pagkakatalaga	appointment
pagkakataon	opportunity
pagkakataong	opportunity
pagkakatayo	standing
pagkakatha	composition
pagkakatipon	gathering
pagkakatipong	commotion
pagkakatisod	sin
pagkakatiwala	trust
pagkakatiwalaan	trustworthiness
pagkakatiwalang	confidence
pagkakatuklas	discovery
pagkakatuling	circumcision
pagkakatulog	sleepiness
pagkakatuwaan	fun
pagkakatuyo	dryness
pagkakatuyot	dryness
pagkakaugpong	joints
pagkakaukit	engraving
pagkakaumpukan	crowding
pagkakaunawa	understanding
pagkakaunawaan	understanding
pagkakaupo	sitting position
pagkakausig	persecution
pagkakautang	debt
pagkakawal	military service
pagkakawanggawa	charity
pagkakawangis	similarity
pagkakawatak	disintegration
pagkakilala	acquaintance
pagkakilalang	recognition
pagkakitang	seeing
pagkakubkob	siege
pagkakuha	miscarriage
pagkakuliglig	cricket
pagkakulong	imprisonment
pagkakutya	sarcasm
pagkalabas	after leaving
pagkalabog	crash
pagkalagas	fall
pagkalagay	placement
pagkalagim	horror
pagkalagot	rupture
pagkalaki	growth
pagkalakip	inclusion
pagkalalake	manhood
Pagkalampas	After
pagkalango	drunkenness
pagkalanta	wilting
pagkalapat	contact
pagkalasing	drunkenness
pagkalat	spread
pagkalawin	falconry
pagkalawkaw	laziness
Pagkalayo	withdrawn
pagkalibak	slanderously
pagkaligalig	anxiety
pagkaligaw	wandering
pagkaligaya	pleasant
pagkaligis	rubbing
pagkaligtas	salvation
pagkalikha	creation
pagkalilis	cleansed
pagkalimbas	kind
pagkalimot	NEGLECT
pagkalinga	protection
pagkalinis	cleanness
pagkalinlang	deception
pagkalipas	after
pagkalipol	extinction
pagkalito	confusion
pagkalong	confinement
pagkalooban	grant
pagkalubog	submersion
pagkalugi	loss
pagkalugmok	collapse
pagkalugod	pleasure
pagkaluhod	bowing
pagkalukton	bending
pagkalulan	pregnancy
pagkalumbay	depression
pagkalumpo	paralysis
pagkalunsad	stepped
pagkalupa	ground
pagkalupig	subjugation
pagkalusob	Assaulting
Pagkaluto	Pagkalútô
Pagkaluwalhati	Glory
pagkamaawain	leniency
pagkamababa	humiliation
pagkamahabagin	compassion
pagkamakadios	divinity
pagkamakasalanan	sinfulness
pagkamakasarili	selfishness
pagkamakatwiran	righteousness
pagkamamamayan	citizenship
pagkamamamayang	citizenship
pagkamangha	amazement
pagkamangmang	mindedness
pagkamarahas	unkindness
pagkamasayahin	cheerfulness
pagkamasid	pagkámasid
pagkamasunurin	obedience
pagkamasuwayin	naughtiness
pagkamatapat	honesty
pagkamatay	death
pagkamatuwid	righteousness
pagkamot	scratching
pagkampi	partiality
pagkampuhin	camp
pagkamuhi	hatred
pagkamuhing	sneeze
pagkamungkahi	provoke
pagkanlungan	shelter
Pagkansela	Cancellation
pagkanta	singing
pagkapaaninaw	interpretation
pagkapabaya	slackness
pagkapadilat	openness
pagkapagasawa	Cushite
pagkapagbangon	after
pagkapaging	becoming
pagkapagpaalam	taking
pagkapagpaningas	, when
pagkapagpasalamat	gave
pagkapagsalita	speaking
pagkapagtakip	herself
pagkapagtipon	gathering
pagkapahamak	destruction
pagkapahid	smearing
pagkapahiya	embarrassment
pagkapako	nailing
pagkapaliwanag	interpreted
pagkapamuhay	lived
pagkapananim	kind
pagkapanganak	birth
pagkapanganay	birthright
pagkapangaral	after that
pagkapanggaling	After
pagkapanginoon	lordship
pagkapangyari	befell
pagkapaningas	, when
pagkapantas	wise
pagkapantay	equality
pagkapanumbalik	after that
pagkapanumpa	oath
pagkapari	Priesthood
pagkaparis	compatibility
pagkapariwara	ruin
pagkaparusa	punished
pagkapasakop	subjection
pagkapasiya	determined
pagkapasok	after entering
pagkapatawad	forgiveness
pagkapatay	death
pagkapatotoo	testified
pagkapawi	disappearance
pagkapighati	affliction
pagkapili	CHOSEN
pagkapinuno	leadership
pagkapipi	muteness
pagkapoot	hatred
pagkapropeta	prophethood
pagkapuksa	destruction
pagkapulubi	rags
pagkapuno	fulness
pagkaraan	afterwards
pagkaragdag	accession
pagkarahan	delay
pagkaraka	suddenly
pagkaramdam	sensation
pagkareina	queenship
pagkarelihiyosong	religiosity
pagkareyna	queenship
pagkarilag	excellent
pagkarinig	hearing
pagkasabi	saying
pagkasabik	excitement
Pagkasabing	After saying
pagkasagi	as soon
pagkasagot	response
pagkasagrado	sacredness
Pagkasakay	Boarding
pagkasakdal	perfection
pagkasakim	greed
pagkasakit	SICKNESS
pagkasakop	subjection
pagkasalangsang	transgression
pagkasalita	rightly
pagkasalot	pestilence
pagkasalubong	meeting
pagkasamsam	destruction
pagkasanggol	infancy
pagkasaserdote	priesthood
pagkasaserdoteng	priesthood
pagkasi	inspiration
pagkasigaw	shouting
pagkasikat	popularity
pagkasilang	birth
pagkasilaw	glare
pagkasinabi	when any
pagkasindak	panic
pagkasindi	ignition
pagkasinsay	insanity
pagkasiphayo	frustration
pagkasira	destruction
pagkasirang	DAMAGES
pagkasiyasat	investigation
pagkasubok	proof
pagkasugo	sent
pagkasuklam	disgust
pagkasulat	writing
pagkasulong	headway
pagkasulongsulong	having gone
pagkasumpong	finding
pagkasunduan	agreement
pagkasunduin	reconciliation
pagkasunog	combustion
pagkasuwail	waywardness
pagkat	LEARN
pagkataas	height
pagkataastaas	how high
pagkatabang	assistance
pagkatagak	fall
pagkatahak	passing
pagkatakot	fear
pagkatakuwil	rejection
pagkatakwil	rejection
pagkatalaga	appointment
pagkatalastas	intelligence
pagkatali	bondage
Pagkatalikod	Apostasy
pagkatalo	defeat
Pagkatamis	Sweetness
pagkatanaw	But when
pagkatanggap	receipt
pagkatanim	planting
pagkatanto	realization
pagkatantuin	calmness
pagkatao	personality
pagkatao 	personality 
pagkataong	personality
pagkatapat	verily
pagkatapon	exile
pagkatapos	then
pagkatataas	height
pagkatatag	establishment
pagkatawag	calling
pagkatawid	after crossing
pagkatay	slaughter
pagkatayo	standing
pagkatigang	dryness
pagkatigmak	saturation
pagkatiktik	detection
Pagkatindi	Intensity
pagkatingala	Looking up
pagkatingin	glance
pagkatipaklong	fall
pagkatipon	pagkàtipon
pagkatisod	stumbling
pagkatiwalaan	trustworthiness
pagkatok	knocking
pagkatubos	redemption
pagkatuklas	discovery
pagkatukso	temptation
pagkatuli	the uncircumcised
pagkatulig	discomfiture
pagkaturo	teaching
pagkatuso	dodgy
pagkatuto	learning
pagkatuwa	joy
pagkatuwaan	fun of
pagkatuyo	dryness
pagkatuyu	drought
pagkaubos	exhaustion
pagkaugong	buzzing
pagkauhaw	thirst
pagkaukit	engraving
pagkaulol	insanity
pagkaumaga	the next morning
pagkaumagang	early
pagkaunat	soon
pagkaunawa	understanding
pagkaunawang	understanding
pagkaupo	sitting
pagkaurong	contraction
pagkausig	persecuted
pagkauwak	kind
Pagkauwi	Returning home
pagkawala	loss
pagkawalang	loss
pagkawalay	loss
pagkawasak	destruction
pagkayanig	concussion
pagkayaon	soon
pagkayari	completion
pagkayaring	worked
pagkidlat	lightning
pagkikipagbaka	struggle
pagkikipagkasundo	reconciliation
pagkikita	meeting
pagkilala	recognition
pagkiling	bias
pagkilos	action
pagkislap	flashing
pagkit	wax
pagkokorona	coronation
pagkontra	opposition
pagkubkob	siege
pagkublihan	concealed
pagkuha	Procurement
pagkukubli	hiding
pagkukublihan	hiding place
pagkukulang	deficiency
pagkukulimlim	obscuration
pagkukunan	resource
pagkukunin	resource
pagkukunwari	hypocrisy
pagkukupkop	adoption
pagkukusa	initiative
pagkukwento	storytelling
pagkulog	thunder
pagkumpay	support
pagkunin	take
pagkupkop	shelter
pagkutya	mockery
pagkutyang	rebuke
paglaanan	provide
paglabag	violation
paglaban	resistance
paglabanin	resist
paglabas	exit
paglaboy	wandering
paglaganap	spread
paglago	growth
paglagong	growth
paglagyan	place
paglait	insult
paglakad	walking
paglaki	growth
paglala	worsening
paglalaban	fight
paglalabanin	to fight
paglalabas	release
paglalagakan	placement
paglalagalag	wandering
paglalagay	placement
paglalagyan	placement
paglalahad	presentation
paglalakad	walking
paglalakas	strengthening
paglalakbay	travel
paglalakbayin	travel
paglalambingan	affection
paglalampasanan	crossing
paglalang	creation
paglalantad	exposure
paglalapastangan	blasphemy
paglalapat	application
paglalasing	drunkenness
paglalayag	sailing
paglalayo	distancing
paglamon	swallowing
Paglampas	Overtaking
paglapa	application
paglapastangan	blasphemy
paglapit	approach
paglaruan	to play with
paglasap	tasting
paglawitan	visit
paglaya	liberation
paglayo	distancing
paglibak	GOSSIP
paglibingan	bury
paglibot	tour
pagligtas	rescue
paglikas	evacuation
paglikatin	to avoid
paglikha	creation
pagliko	turn
paglilibang	leisure
paglilibing	funeral
paglilibingan	burial
paglilibot	tour
pagliligpit	tidying up
pagliligtas	rescue
paglilihi	conception
paglilikat	cessation
paglilikatan	escape
paglilikatin	to stop
Paglilikha	Creation
paglililo	betrayal
paglililok	sculpture
paglilimos	almsgiving
paglilingkod	service
paglilingkuran	service
paglilingkurin	to serve
paglilinis	cleaning
paglilipat	transfer
paglilitis	trial
pagliliwanag	enlightenment
pagliliwayway	dawn
paglilok	sculpture
pagliluhan	deception
paglimahing	fifth
paglimot	forgetting
paglindol	earthquake
paglingap	favor
paglingkuran	to serve
paglingon	looking back
paglipad	flight
paglipas	passing
paglipat	transfer
paglipol	extermination
paglitaw	emergence
paglitis	trial
pagliwanag	enlightenment
Pagliwanagin	Clarify
paglubog	immersion
pagluha	tears
pagluhod	kneeling
pagluklok	installation
paglukso	jumping
paglulan	loading
paglulubag	relaxation
Paglulubagin	Appeasement
paglulubalob	envelopment
pagluluksa	mourning
paglulumabas	release
pagluluraylurayin	to tear to pieces
pagluluto	cooking
paglulutuan	cooking
pagluluwa	vomiting
pagluluwal	childbirth
pagluluwat	procrastination
paglundag	jumping
paglunsad	launch
paglupig	conquest
paglura	spitting
pagluray	dismemberment
pagluraylurayin	tear you in pieces
paglusob	invasion
paglusong	descent
paglutas	resolution
paglutuan	cooking pot
pagluwalhati	glorification
Pagmadaliin	Hurry up
pagmagandahang	thou shalt deal
pagmalabisan	maltreat
pagmalasakitan	to care
pagmalupitan	cruelty
pagmamadali	haste
pagmamadaling	haste
pagmamagandang	beauty
pagmamahal	love
pagmamahalan	romance
pagmamakaawa	begging
pagmamakalawahin	diversity
pagmamalaki	pride
pagmamalaking	pride
pagmamalasakit	concern
pagmamalasakitan	concern
pagmamalupit	cruelty
pagmamalupitan	cruelty
pagmamana	inheritance
pagmamanhik	begging
pagmamapuri	boasting
pagmamapuring	boasting
pagmamaramot	messing up
pagmamarunong	wisdom
pagmamasa	kneading
pagmamasamaing	hatred
pagmamasdan	to watch
pagmamaselang	complaint
pagmamasid	observation
pagmamataas	pride
pagmamatigas	stubbornness
pagmamatigasin	to be stubborn
pagmamatuwid	correction
pagmamatuwiran	reasoning
pagmamay	ownership
pagmamayabang	boast
pagmanahin	maketh
pagmasdan	observe
pagmataasan	to be proud
pagmimithi	longing
pagmulat	awakening
pagmumukha	appearance
pagmumulan	source
pagmumultahin	fine
pagmumunimuni	meditation
pagmumura	swearing
pagmunimuniin	consider
pagnakawan	to rob
pagnanais	desire
pagnanakaw	theft
pagnanakawan	robbery
pagnanasa	desire
pagnanasaan	desire
pagnanasaang	desire
pagnanasahan	desire
pagnanasang	desire
pagnasaang	wish
pagngangalit	fury
pagningas	ignition
pagniningas	burning
pagniningasin	to ignite
pagod	tired
pagpabanal	sanctification
pagpagalan	labor
pagpagpag	washing
pagpaguran	some work
pagpahayagan	reveal
pagpahid	wipe
pagpahingahin	rest
pagpakitaan	to show off
pagpakitaang	showed
pagpako	nailing
pagpakunwaring	shew
pagpalain	bless
pagpaligo	lavement
pagpaliwanagan	discrepancies
pagpalo	beating
pagpana	shoot
pagpanaog	descent
pagpanaw	death
pagpanig	bias
pagpansin	attention
pagpapaalaala	reminder
pagpapaalala	reminder
pagpapaalam	farewell
pagpapaalis	dismissal
pagpapaanak	childbirth
pagpapaaninaw	reflection
pagpapaatag	stabilization
pagpapaayos	repair
pagpapabagsak	overthrow
pagpapabalik	recall
pagpapabanal	sanctification
pagpapabautismo	baptism
pagpapabaya	neglect
pagpapabuti	improvement
pagpapadakila	exaltation
pagpapadala	shipping
pagpapadalahan	shipping
pagpapadalisay	purification
pagpapader	walling
pagpapagal	hard work
pagpapagaling	healing
pagpapagalit	provocation
pagpapagamit	use
pagpapagamot	treatment
pagpapaganda	beautification
pagpapagawa	construction
pagpapagiba	demolition
pagpapagod	fatigue
pagpapahalaga	appreciation
pagpapahamak	destruction
pagpapahasa	sharpening
pagpapahatol	sentencing
pagpapahayag	expression
pagpapahid	anointing
pagpapahilagpos	release
pagpapahinga	relaxation
pagpapahingahan	resting place
pagpapahingahin	to rest
pagpapahintulot	permission
pagpapahinuhod	patience
pagpapahiram	lending
pagpapahirap	torture
pagpapahiya	humiliation
pagpapahiyas	decoration
pagpapahula	prediction
pagpapaimbabaw	hypocrisy
pagpapain	feeding
pagpapairal	implementation
pagpapakababa	humiliation
pagpapakababang	humiliation
pagpapakabanal	sanctification
pagpapakabuti	improvement
pagpapakabuyo	stimulation
pagpapakahayag	expression
pagpapakahirap	hardship
pagpapakain	feeding
pagpapakalabis	excess
pagpapakalbo	baldness
pagpapakaligaya	happiness
pagpapakalumanay	moderation
pagpapakapagod	fatigue
pagpapakapanginoon	lordship
pagpapakapastor	pastoral care
pagpapakarumi	defilement
pagpapakarunong	wisdom
pagpapakasakit	sacrifice
pagpapakasal	marriage
pagpapakasama	inclusion
pagpapakasaya	fun
pagpapakasta	castration
pagpapakilala	introduction
pagpapakita	display
pagpapakitaan	to show off
pagpapakuan	blessing
pagpapakuluan	boiling
pagpapakumbaba	humility
pagpapakumbabang	humbly
pagpapala	blessing
pagpapalabas	release
pagpapalaganap	propagation
pagpapalago	growth
pagpapalain	bless
pagpapalakas	strengthening
pagpapalakasan	strengthening
pagpapalaki	raising
pagpapalalo	pride
pagpapalang	blessing
pagpapalapit	approximation
pagpapalaya	liberation
pagpapalayas	expulsion
pagpapalaʼy	blessing is
pagpapalibang	entertainment
pagpapalipat	transfer
pagpapalista	enrollment
pagpapalit	replacement
pagpapaliwanag	explanation
pagpapamahagi	distribution
pagpapanukala	proposal
pagpapanumbalik	restoration
pagpapapala	blessing
pagpapapasok	admission
pagpapapatutot	prostitution
pagpapapiging	banquet
pagpapapuri	praise
pagpaparaan	tolerance
pagpaparami	reproduction
pagpaparangal	honoring
pagpaparatang	accusation
pagpaparisin	to pair
pagpaparoo	pilgrimage
pagpaparte	sharing
pagpaparusa	punishment
pagpaparusang	punishment
pagpapasakop	submission
pagpapasalamat	gratitude
pagpapasama	degradation
pagpapasampa	filing
pagpapasimula	initiation
pagpapasimulang	initiation
pagpapasok	insertion
pagpapastol	herding
Pagpapastulan	Grazing
pagpapasuko	surrender
pagpapasulat	writing
pagpapasuso	breastfeeding
pagpapasweldo	payroll
pagpapasya	decision
pagpapatakbo	operation
pagpapatala	enrollment
pagpapatama	correction
pagpapatawad	forgiveness
pagpapatawid	crossing
pagpapatay	slaughter
pagpapatayan	massacre
pagpapatayin	killing
pagpapatayo	drying
pagpapatayong	execution
pagpapatibay	confirmation
pagpapatigil	suspension
pagpapatihulog	drop-off
pagpapatnubay	guidance
pagpapatong	overlay
pagpapatotoo	authentication
pagpapatotoong	authentication
pagpapatrabaho	employment
pagpapatubig	irrigation
pagpapatuloy	continuation
pagpapatuluyan	accommodation
pagpapatunay	verification
pagpapatungan	to be placed on top of
pagpapatungin	to cross
pagpapatunog	sounding
pagpapatutot	prostitution
pagpapaubaya	tolerance
pagpapaulan	making it rain
pagpapaulila	orphanhood
pagpapaunlad	development
pagpapaunlak	promotion
pagpapautang	lending
pagpapawalang	dismissal
pagpapawisan	sweating
pagpapayaman	enrichment
pagpapayaon	release
pagpapayo	counseling
pagpaplano	planning
Pagparinggan	Listening
pagparini	coming
pagparito	coming
pagparitong	coming
pagpariyan	coming
pagparoon	going there
pagparusa	punishment
pagpasan	burden
pagpasanin	to bear
pagpaslang	murder
pagpasok	entry
pagpatak	drip
pagpatay	KILLINGS
pagpatayo	execution
pagpatnubay	guidance
pagpatong	laying
pagpatungan	settest
pagpaumanhinan	excuse
pagpaunahan	warn
pagpighati	affliction
pagpigil	restraint
pagpiglas	struggle
pagpihit	turning
pagpili	selection
pagpilit	extrusion
pagpinsala	ravage
pagpipigil	restraint
pagpipilian	choice
pagpipilit	insistence
pagpipira	cutting
pagpipisan	gathering
pagpipista	feasting
Pagpipistahan	Feasting
pagpisa	hatching
pagpisan	gathering
pagpitaganan	venerate
pagpitas	picking
pagpitpit	squeezing
pagplanuhan	plan
pagpugayan	salute
pagpukol	throwing
pagpuksa	extermination
pagpulungin	assemble
pagpunit	rending
pagpunta	going
pagpupugay	tribute
pagpupulon	meeting
pagpupulong	meeting
pagpupumilit	persistence
pagpupuno	filling
pagpupunuan	filling
pagpupunuin	to fill
pagpupuri	praise
pagpupuring	praise
pagpuputol	cutting
pagpuputolputol	chopping
pagpuputolputulin	dismemberment
Pagpuputong	Coronation
pagpuputulputulin	dismemberment
pagpupuyat	vigil
pagpuri	praise
pagputol	cutting
pagputolputulin	breaking
pagputul	cut
pagreklamuhan	complain
pagrerebelde	rebellion
pagreregla	menstruation
pagrereklamo	complaining
pagsabihan	reprimand
pagsaboy	splash
pagsagana	flourish
pagsagot	answering
pagsagwan	rowing
pagsakay	RIDING
pagsakit	TORTURE
pagsakitan	painfulness
pagsaklolo	rescue
pagsakop	conquest
pagsaksi	witness
pagsala	percolation
pagsalakay	invasion
pagsalang	filtering
pagsalangsang	transgression
pagsalansang	opposition
pagsalaysay	narration
pagsali	participation
pagsaliksik	research
pagsalitaan	to talk to each other
pagsalitain	to speak
pagsalot	plagues
pagsalu	greeting
pagsalubong	welcome
pagsalungat	opposition
pagsama	togetherness
pagsamahin	combine
pagsamantalahan	exploit
pagsamba	worship
pagsambahan	worship
pagsambang	worship
pagsamo	supplication
pagsampa	climbing
pagsampalataya	faith
pagsamsam	seizure
pagsanayan	practice
pagsandal	leaning
pagsang	rejection
pagsangayon	agreement
pagsangguni	consultation
pagsansala	REBUKE
pagsapalaran	chance
pagsapalaranan	lots
pagsapit	arrival
pagsasabi	saying
pagsasabihan	telling
pagsasabing	saying
pagsasabitan	hanging
pagsasaboy	splashing
pagsasagawa	implementation
pagsasaka	farming
pagsasakatuparan	realization
pagsasakdal	prosecution
pagsasalaysay	narration
pagsasaliksik	research
pagsasalimuot	complexity
pagsasalita	speech
pagsasalitaan	to talk to
pagsasalitain	to speak
pagsasalo	sharing
pagsasalosalo	party
pagsasama	integration
pagsasamahan	association
Pagsasamahang	Partnership
pagsasamahin	combine
pagsasamantala	exploitation
pagsasamantalahan	exploitation
pagsasamasama	integration
pagsasanay	training
pagsasanggalang	protection
pagsasanggunian	consultation
pagsasangpuing	meeting
pagsasapalaran	speculation
pagsasara	closure
pagsasauli	restitution
pagsasawalang	deletion
pagsasaway	reprimand
pagsasaya	rejoicing
pagsasaya 	rejoicing 
pagsasayang	waste
pagsasayaw	dancing
pagsasaysay	narration
pagsaulian	come
pagsawaan	boredom
pagsaway	REPROVING
pagsawsaw	saucepan
pagsayaw	DANCING
pagsensus	census
pagsenyas	SIGNALING
pagseselos	jealousy
pagseselosin	to be jealous
pagsesensus	census
pagseserbisyo	servicing
pagsibat	spearing
pagsibol	germination
pagsigaw	shouting
pagsikapan	endeavor
pagsikapang	effort
pagsikat	sunrise
pagsila	abandoned
pagsilang	birth
pagsilbihan	to serve
pagsimot	Vaunt
pagsinag	radiation
pagsingil	billing
pagsinta	passion
pagsiping	intercourse
Pagsipot	Appearance
pagsira	BREAKING
pagsirang	destruction
pagsisihan	regret
pagsisikap	effort
pagsisikapan	to strive
pagsisikapang	effort
pagsisilang	birth
pagsisilbihan	service
pagsisilbing	serving
pagsisimula	start
pagsisindi	lighting
pagsisintahan	love
pagsisinulid	spinning
pagsisinungaling	lying
pagsisinungalingan	lying
pagsisiraan	disgrace
pagsisisi	repentance
pagsisisihan	regret
pagsisising	repentance
pagsisiyasat	investigation
pagsiyasat	investigation
pagsiyasatan	inquire
pagsubok	test
pagsugat	Welcoming
pagsugod	GETTING
pagsukat	measurement
pagsuko	surrender
pagsuksukan	insertion
pagsulat	writing
pagsulong	advancement
pagsumikapan	effort
pagsumpa	curse
pagsumpong	Attacks
pagsundo	pick-up
pagsungalngal	wringing
pagsunod	COMPLIANCE
pagsunog	FIRING
pagsuntok	punching
pagsunugan	burn
pagsuotin	to wear
pagsupil	suppression
pagsuri	checking
pagsuso	suck
pagsusugalan	gambling places
pagsusugatin	wounding
pagsusugo	sending
pagsusugpungin	to encounter
pagsusuguan	sending
pagsusuksukan	penetration
pagsusulat	writing
pagsusulit	exam
pagsusulitan	test
pagsusumakit	effort
pagsusumamo	pleading
pagsusumikap	hard work
pagsusumpaan	swearing
pagsusunog	burning
pagsusunugan	burning
pagsusuot	wearing
pagsusuotan	to wear
pagsusuri	examination
pagsusuutan	dressing
pagsusuutin	to be tested
pagsusuyod	plowing
pagsuutan	to dress
pagsuwag	challenge
pagsuway	disobedience
pagtaas	increase
pagtabas	crop
pagtabi	setting aside
pagtabihin	juxtapose
pagtagalin	delay
pagtaghoy	Whistling
pagtaguan	hiding place
pagtagumpayan	overcome
pagtagumpayin	to succeed
pagtahak	path
pagtahan	residency
pagtahi	sewing
pagtahimik	silence
pagtakal	measurement
pagtakas	escape
pagtakbo	running
pagtakhan	surprise
pagtakip	covering
pagtaksilan	betrayal
pagtakwil	rejection
pagtalaga	assignment
pagtali	tying
pagtalikod	apostasy
pagtalima	obedience
pagtaliwakas	falling
pagtalunan	debate
Pagtama	Correction
pagtambak	piling
pagtanaw	view
pagtanda	aging
pagtanggap	acceptance
pagtanggi	refusal
pagtangi	discrimination
pagtangis	crying
pagtangkaan	attempt
pagtaniman	planting
pagtanungan	question
pagtapak	stepping
Pagtapat	Confession
pagtapon	throwing away
pagtataas	elevation
pagtatabas	cropping
pagtataboy	repulsion
pagtatabuyan	rejection
pagtatagal	delay
pagtataghuyan	lamentation
pagtataginawan	wintering
pagtataginitan	insistence
pagtataglay	possession
pagtataglayin	to possess
pagtatago	hiding
pagtataguan	hiding place
pagtatagubilin	briefing
pagtatagumpay	victory
pagtatagumpayan	victory
pagtatagumpayin	to succeed
Pagtatahi	Sewing
pagtataka	surprise
pagtatakal	measurement
pagtatakbuhan	running
pagtatakda	setting
pagtatakhan	astonishment
pagtatakip	covering
pagtatakpan	cover-up
pagtataksil	betrayal
pagtataksilan	betrayal
pagtatakwil	denial
pagtatalaga	assignment
pagtatalagang	appointment
pagtatalata	recording
Pagtatalik	Sex
pagtatalo	dispute
pagtatalong	argument
pagtatalotalo	dispute
pagtataltalan	argument
pagtatalu	dispute
pagtatalumpati	speech
pagtatama	correction
pagtatambak	piling
pagtatamnan	planting
pagtatamo	acquisition
pagtatanggaltanggalin	removal
pagtatanggol	defense
pagtatangi	prejudice
pagtatanging	discrimination
pagtatangka	attempt
Pagtatangkaan	Attempt
pagtatanim	planting
pagtataniman	planting
pagtatanong	questioning
pagtatanyag	promotion
pagtatapat	confession
pagtatapon	disposal
pagtatapos	graduation
pagtatapunan	landfill
Pagtatatag	Establishment
pagtatawanan	laughter
pagtatayo	construction
pagtatayong	construction
pagtatayuan	construction site
pagtatluhin	to make three
pagtatluhing	threesome
pagtatrabaho	working
pagtatrabahuhin	to work
pagtatraydor	betrayal
pagtawa	laughter
pagtawag	calling
pagtawanan	laugh
pagtawid	crossing
pagtayo	standing
pagtayuan	standing
pagtibag	cutting
pagtibayin	confirm
pagtigil	cessation
pagtiisan	endure
pagtilaok	crowing
pagtimbang	EVALUATION
pagtindig	standing up
pagtingala	looking up
pagtingin	view
pagtinging	looking
pagtipon	MEET
pagtipunan	gathering
pagtipunin	conglomerate
pagtira	residence
pagtitibag	quarrying
pagtitibayin	to confirm
pagtitig	staring
pagtitiis	patience
pagtitiisan	patience
pagtitikuman	to be quiet
pagtitimbang	weighing
pagtitimpi	restraint
pagtitimpla	mixing
pagtitinda	sales
pagtitipon	gathering
pagtitipong	gathering
pagtitipunan	gathering
pagtitira	residence
pagtitiwala	trust
pagtitiwalang	trust
pagtitiyaga	perseverance
pagtiwala	trust
pagtiwalaan	trust
pagtiwalag	abandonment
pagtiyagaan	persevere
pagtrabahuhin	to work
pagtrato	treatment
pagtsitsismisan	gossip
pagtubo	growth
pagtubos	redemption
pagtubusan	reconciliation
pagtudla	projection
pagtugis	pursuit
pagtugon	response
pagtugtog	playing
pagtuklas	discovery
pagtukso	temptation
pagtuktok	knock
pagtulad	imitation
pagtulak	push
pagtuligsa	denunciation
pagtulo	leaking
pagtulog	sleep
pagtulong	helping
pagtulung	rally
pagtungo	going
pagtunog	ringing
pagtupad	fulfillment
pagtupok	consumption
pagturing	consideration
pagtutol	resistance
pagtutuli	circumcision
pagtutuling	circumcision
Pagtutulung	Helping
pagtutulungan	cooperation
pagtutungayaw	cursing
pagtutuos	calculation
pagtuturo	teaching
pagtuturuan	teaching
pagtutuwid	correction
pagtuunan	focus
pagtuya	mockery
paguga	shaking
pagugog	shaking
pagugugol	spent
paguguhuin	to be destroyed
pagugulungin	to roll
pagugupit	haircut
pagugupitan	haircut
pagukit	engraving
pagulungin	roll
pagunawa	understanding
pagupasala	murmurings
pagupit	haircut
pagupitan	barbershop
pagupitang	haircut
pagupo	sitting
pagurin	to tire
pagusapan	to talk about
pagusigin	pagusigin
pagusisaan	inquire
paguugali	behavior
paguugnay	connection
paguulap	cloudiness
paguunahan	to be led
paguunat	stretching
paguunawa	understanding
paguusig	persecution
paguusigin	to be persecuted
paguwi	homecoming
pagwaraywarayin	crush
pagwariin	discern
pagwasak	destruction
pagwawagi	victory
pagwawakas	termination
pagwawaksi	waiver
pagwawalang	absence
pagwawaraywarayin	to disperse
pagwawari	pretense
pagwawasak	destruction
pagwikaan	proverb
pagwisikan	sprinkle
pagwiwisik	sprinkling
pagyakap	hugging
pagyaman	enrichment
pagyamanin	enrich
pagyanig	tremor
pagyao	departure
pagyaon	go
pagyapak	tread
pagyayabang	boasting
pagyayakap	hugging
pagyayakapan	hug
pagyayamanin	enrich
pagyukod	bowing
pagyurak	crushing
Pah	Pah
pahaba	long
pahabain	extend
pahabol	pahabol
pahagkan	kiss
pahagulhulin	pahagulhulin
pahahabain	extend
pahahagisan	to be thrown
pahahalagahan	will be appreciated
pahahalagahang	will be appreciated
pahahanginan	to be aired
pahaharapin	to confront
pahahawakan	to be held
pahalagahan	appreciate
pahalang	horizontal
pahamak	ruin
pahambog	boastful
Pahandain	Pahandain
pahapay	paypal
pahapayhapay	perhapspayhappay
paharap	forward
Paharapin	Face to face
Pahat	Chisel
Pahath	Pahath
pahatid	delivery
Pahatmoab	Pahatmoab
pahatol	judge
pahatulan	judgment
pahawakan	hold
Pahawakin	Hold it.
pahayag	statement
pahid	smear
pahiga	horizontal
pahihigain	to be laid down
pahihigaing	bedridden
pahihilagpusan	finale
pahihilagpusin	to be thrown away
Pahihinain	Weaken
pahihindi	no
pahihindian	to refuse
pahihintulutan	will be allowed
pahihintulutang	will be allowed
pahihinuhod	shall be
pahihirapan	to torture
pahihirapang	torture
pahikayat	repair
pahilaga	northward
pahina	page
pahinain	weaken
pahindian	refuse
pahinga	rest
pahingahan	rest area
pahingahang	rest area
Pahingi	Request
pahintulot	permission
pahintulutan	allow
pahintulutang	allow
pahinuhod	acquiesce
pahipuin	bus
pahiram	lend
pahiramin	lend
pahiran	anoint
pahirap	torture
pahirapan	torture
pahirapin	torture
pahiwatig	hint
pahiyain	humiliate
pahiyas	ornament
pahiyaw	angered
pahiyawin	to make someone scream
pahuhugasan	washed
pahuhuli	late
pahulihin	to delay
Pai	Good
paiba	change
paibaba	downward
paibigin	to make love
paiihipin	paihipin
paiikliin	shorten
Paiikutan	Spin
Paiikutin	Rotate
paiilanglang	mount
paiilanlang	to climb
paiinitin	wrestler
paiinumin	to drink
paiinuming	to drink
paiiralin	to be implemented
paikliin	shorten
paikot	round
paikut	whip
paikutan	turntable
pailalim	secretly
pailanglang	skywards
pailing	shaking
paimbabaw	superficiality
pain	pain
painitan	warm
painitin	heat up
painsultong	insult
painuman	painuman
painumin	give a drink
painumoin	with depression
pairalin	implement
paisa	paisa
pait	chisel
paitaas	upwards
paitan	painting
paitimin	payment
pakabanalin	sanctify
pakabigla	pendant
pakagat	bite
pakahangarin	please admire
pakahirap	hard work
pakahulugan	definition
pakaibigin	please love
pakaingatan	be careful
pakainin	feed
pakaisipin	think about
pakaiyak	Pakayak
pakakaanihin	to be seasoned
pakakabanalin	sanctification
pakakagapasin	to mow
pakakahatiin	division
pakakainin	to be fed
pakakak	trumpet
pakakalatin	spread
pakakalayo	distance
pakakanin	to feed
pakakasalan	to get married
pakakauntiin	to the pagans
pakakawalan	release
pakalagan	release
pakalatin	spread
pakalinisin	clean
pakaliwa	left
pakamahalin	please love
Pakamithiin	In the morning
pakamtan	achieve
pakana	scheme
pakanan	right
pakanasain	culinary science
pakanin	feed
pakanluran	westward
Pakapa	Pakapa
pakapagpalain	please bless
pakapal	thick
Pakapalin	Thicken
pakapurihin	cooking puri
Pakargahan	Cargo
pakasakdalin	to perfect
pakasal	marriage
pakasalan	marry
pakasumpain	curse
pakatalastasin	I loaded the deck.
pakatandaan	please remember
pakatatandaan	memory
pakauntiin	to be expelled
pakawalan	release
pakay	purpose
pakendeng	packaging
pakialam	care
pakialaman	interfere
pakialamera	meddlesome
pakialamero	meddler
pakibigay	please give
Pakibigyan	Please give
pakikialam	interference
pakikialaman	interference
pakikiapid	adultery
pakikibahagi	participation
pakikibaka	struggle
pakikibakang	struggle
pakikidigma	warfare
pakikiharapan	confrontation
pakikiisa	solidarity
pakikilaban	fighting
pakikilala	introduction
pakikilalang	introduction
pakikinabangan	benefit
pakikinabangin	benefit
pakikinggan	listen
pakikinig	listening
pakikinising	please wake up
pakikipag	communication
pakikipagalit	feud
pakikipagaway	quarrel
pakikipagbabag	communication
pakikipagbaka	battle
pakikipagbakang	fighting
pakikipagbatian	greeting
pakikipagbuno	wrestling
pakikipagdebate	debate
pakikipagdigma	warfare
pakikipagdiskusyon	discussion
pakikipaghabulan	competition
pakikipagibigan	friendship
pakikipagkaalit	enmity
pakikipagkaibigan	friendship
pakikipagkaisa	unity
pakikipagkasundo	negotiation
pakikipagkita	meeting
pakikipagkitaan	meeting
pakikipaglaban	fighting
pakikipagpunyagi	struggle
pakikipagpunyaging	struggle
pakikipagrelasyon	relationship
pakikipagsabwatan	collusion
pakikipagsalitaan	conversation
pakikipagsiping	intercourse
pakikipagtagpuan	meeting
pakikipagtalik	sexual intercourse
pakikipagtalo	argument
pakikipagtipan	appointment
pakikipagtipang	appointment
pakikipagtuligsaan	dispute
pakikipagusap	conversation
pakikipamayan	citizenship
pakikipisan	togetherness
pakikiramay	sympathy
pakikisama	fellowship
pakikisamahan	companionship
pakikita	show
Pakikitaan	Income
pakikitang	appearance
pakikitungo	deal
pakikiugnay	communication
pakikiusap	request
pakilala	introduce
pakilusin	mobilize
pakinabang	benefit
pakinabangan	benefit
paking	gasket
pakinggan	listen
pakinig	hearing
pakintabin	variable
pakipagkasunduin	please agree
Pakipaliwanag	Please explain.
pakiramdam	feeling
pakisabi	please tell me
pakisamahan	get along
pakisamahang	please help
pakislapin	please shine
pakita	show
pakitaan	show off
pakitang	show
pakitanong	please ask
pakitingnan	please see
pakituluyan	please stay
pakitungo	please deal
pakitunguhan	treat
pakitunguhang	treated
pakituro	please teach
pakiusap	please
pakiusapan	please
pakiusapang	please
pakiwari	please
pako	spike
pakong	nail
pakpak	wing
pakpak 	wing 
paksa	topic
paksang	topic
Pakuhanin	Get it
pakukundanganan	in the face of adversity
pakuluan	boil
pakuluang	boiling water
pakuluin	boil
pakumbabá	humility
pakundangan	courtesy
pakundanganan	respect
pakunin	nail
pakunwari	pretend
pakunwaring	pretend
pakutya	out of fear
pakutyang	in fear
pakwan	watermelon
pala	shovel
palaanak	return
palaanakin	even though it returns
palaaway	shrewish
palabas	show
palabasin	release
palabasing	show
palabhan	palabhan
palabintangin	false
palaboy	vagabond
palabunutan	toss
palabunutang	the money
palabuy	homeless
palacio	palace
palad	palm
palaganapin	propagate
palagay	opinion
palagi	always
Palagi 	Always 
palagiang	always
palagiin	always
palaging	always
palagpasan	thrust
palagpasin	skip
palaguin	grow
palagyan	place
palaisipan	puzzle
palaisipang	puzzle
palaka	dirty
palakad	walk
Palakaibigan	Friendly
palakain	frog
palakang	frog
palakarin	to move
palakas	strong
palakasin	strengthen
palakhin	palakhin
palaki	brush
palakihin	enlarge
palakihing	grow up
palakol	axe
palakpakan	applause
Palal	Palal
palala	dry
palalabasin	to be released
palalabasing	to be released
palalabhan	palalabhan
palalagpakin	to be scattered
palalagpasan	will pass
palalagpasin	to be released
palalaguin	to grow
Palalagyan	Container
palalahian	breeding
palalain	aggravate
palalakad	walking
palalakarin	to walk
palalakasin	will be strengthened
palalakhin	palalakhin
palalakihin	enlarge
palalalain	worsen
palalampasin	will be missed
palalaparin	expand
palalapitin	to bring closer
palalaunin	to be exaggerated
palalawakin	will be expanded
palalayain	will be released
palalayaing	palalayaing
palalayasin	will be expelled
palalo	arrogant
palalong	arrogant
Palambutin	Soften
palamigin	cool down
palampasin	to miss
palamunin	swallow
palamuti	decoration
palamuting	ornament
palamuyot	dry
palang	just
palanggana	basin
palangganang	basin
palankin	palanquin
palapa	palm
palapad	flaring
palapag	floor
palaparin	palaparin
palapit	closer
Palapitin	Bring closer
palaputin	piece of cake
palaruan	playground
palasagot	palasagot
Palasak	Common
palasamba	palasamba
palasapin	palasapin
palasio	palace
palaso	arrow
palasong	arrow
palaspas	palm tree
palasyo	palace
palasyong	palace
palatalo	palace
palatalong	argumentative
palatandaan	sign
palatandaang	sign
Palatia	Palaces
palatuntunan	program
palatuntunang	program
palawakin	expand
palawit	pendant
palay	rice
palayag	sail
palayain	release
palayasin	expel
palayo	away
palayok	pot
palaʼy	palaʼy
Paleg	Legislative Assembly
palengke	market
Palibasa	Reading
palibhasa	palibhasa
palibnasa	palibnasa
palibot	surroundings
palibotlibot	round
palibutan	surround
paligaw	mislead
Paligayahin	Make happy
paligid	surroundings
paligidligid	surroundings
paligiran	surround
paligo	bath
paligong	bath
paligsahan	contest
paligsahang	competition
paliguan	bath
paliguin	bathe
palihan	forge
palihim	secretly
paliit	shrink
paliko	left
palikpik	fin
paliku	I stayed
palikuran	toilet
palilibutan	environment
paliligiran	paliliated
paliligtasin	will be saved
paliliguan	bathroom
palilikod	turning around
palilinawin	clarify
palilindulin	palindulin
palilinlang	deception
paliliparin	paliliparin
palilipasin	to pass by
palilipatin	will be transferred
palilitawin	to appear
palinawin	palinawin
palingun	at most
palinlang	deceive
paliparin	fly
palipasing	leisurely
palipat	transitive
palit	change
palitada	pavement
palitadahan	to be put on display
palitadahang	marketable
palitan	exchange
palitawin	to surface
paliwanag	explanation
Paliwanagan	Explain
paliwanagin	explain
Pallu	Pallu
Palluita	Pale
palma	palma
palmang	palmang
palmera	palm
palo	palo
paloloko	inside
palong	the bottom
Palti	Palti
Paltiel	Paltiel
Paltita	Palita
paltos	blister
Palu	Hammer
palubha	deck
palubog	sink
palubugin	to sink
palugit	extension
paluin	to beat
palukluking	bow down
palukso	please
paluksong	prayer request
palulubugin	palulubugin
paluluhurin	paluluhurin
palulumbayin	to depress
palulusugin	nutritious
palulutangin	palulutangin
paluluwain	dry
palumbayin	palumbayin
palunging	the most beautiful
palusob	invading
palusong	downhill
palusungin	to climb
palutang	float
paluwalhatiin	glorify
palyok	clown
pamagain	pamagain
pamagat	title
pamagitanan	mediate
pamahalaan	government
pamahalaang	government
pamahalain	overseer
pamahid	ointment
pamahiin	superstition
pamahiing	superstition
Pamali	practical
pamalit	replacement
pamalo	in place
pamalong	whip
pamamaalam	farewell
pamamaga	inflammation
pamamagain	to swell
pamamagitan	mediation
pamamagitanan	through
pamamahagi	distribution
pamamahala	management
pamamahalaan	to be managed
pamamahalain	to manage
pamamahalang	management
pamamahay	household
pamamahayag	journalism
pamamahinga	rest
pamamahingahin	rest
pamamahingang	rest
pamamalagi	stay
pamamalagiang	permanent
pamamalakad	management
pamamana	archery
pamamanahan	inheritance
pamamangha	wonder
pamamanhikin	to beg
pamamaraan	method
pamamaraang	method
pamamarisan	example
pamamaslang	murder
pamamatnubay	guidance
pamamayanan	community
Pamamayapain	Peacemaking
pamamaybay	coast
pamana	inheritance
pamanang	inheritance
pamangkin	nephew
pamangking	nephew
pamanhik	plea
pamanhikan	entreaty
pamanmanan	security
pamantayan	standard
pamasahe	fare
pamatay	killer
pamatid	base
pamatok	yoke
pamawi	in verse
pamayanan	community
pamaypay	fan
pambabae	feminine
pambabatikos	criticism
pambabato	stoning
pambalagbag	confusion
pambalo	in the field
pambalot	wrapping
pambambo	in the morning
Pambansang	National
pambayad	payment
pambayo	hammer
pambibiktima	victimization
pambibintang	accusation
pambihira	extraordinary
pambihirang	extraordinary
pambihis	dressing
pambili	purchase
pambiyahe	travel
pambubugbog	beating
pambubulyaw	scolding
pambuhat	carrying
pambuhos	shower
pambuwis	tax collector
Pamfilia	Pamphylia
pamigkis	girdle
pamilihan	market
pamilya	family
pamilya 	family 
pamilyang	family
pamimigay	distribution
pamimighati	grief
pamimihasa	familiarization
pamimilian	shopping
pamimilit	coercion
pamiminsala	sabotage
pamiminuno	leadership
pamimitas	picking
pamingwit	fishing rod
paminsan	occasionally
paminsang	sometimes
pamista	gala
pampaalis	expulsion
pampaalsa	yeast
pampaalsang	leavening agent
pampabawas	reduction
pampaganda	makeup
pampagandang	beautiful
pampahid	ointment
pampahina	food
pampainit	heater
pampakinis	polish
pampalakas	reinforcement
pampalamuti	decoration
pampalasa	spices
pampalit	exchange
pampalubag	appeasement
pampalusog	nourishing
pampang	shore
pampari	pampari
pamparing	pampering
pampasan	compensation
pampasaya	seasoning
pampasigla	stimulus
pampaskwa	at Easter
pampastol	pampastol
pampatay	killer
pampatibay	encouragement
pampinid	pampinid
pampista	pampista
pampito	seventh
pampropeta	prophetic
pampublikong	public
pamputol	clipper
pamukpok	hammer
pamukpuk	fluffy
pamulutan	PEMULUTAN
pamulutin	pamulutin
pamumugaran	nesting
pamumuhay	lifestyle
pamumuhunan	investment
pamumuksa	extermination
pamumukuhin	to make flowers
pamumulaklak	flowering
pamumulot	picking
pamumunga	fruiting
Pamumungahin	Fruiting
pamumungkahi	suggestion
pamumuno	leadership
pamumunuan	leadership
pamumunuin	leadership
pamumusong	blasphemy
pamumutihan	whitening
pamungahin	the ultimate
pamunuan	leadership
pamutihan	they may adorn
pamuting	at the wedding
pamutol	cutter
pana	till
panabi	predicate
panabik	excitement
panabugin	disperse
panadera	baker
panadero	baker
Panag	season
panaghoy	lament
panaghuyan	lamentation
panaginip	dream
panagumpayin	to succeed
panagutan	responsibility
panagutin	hold accountable
panahanan	dwelling
panaho	time
panahon	PERIOD
panahon 	PERIOD 
panahong	time
panaigin	panaigin
panain	arrow
panaingan	complaint
panakal	panakal
panakbat	spear
panakikinggan	listening
panakip	cover
panakot	scarecrow
panaksak	stab
panalakay	offensive
panalangi	s blessing
panalangin	prayer
panalanginan	BLESSED
panalanging	prayer
panali	there was
panaligan	trust
panaling	paneling
panalo	winner
panalok	lure
panambitan	lament
pananabik	longing
pananabugin	to disperse
pananaghili	jealousy
pananaghoy	lamentation
pananaghuyan	lamentation
pananaginip	daydreaming
pananagot	guarantee
pananagutan	responsibility
pananagutang	responsibility
pananagutin	responsibility
pananahanan	residence
pananahi	sewing
pananahimik	silence
pananaing	prayer
pananakit	pain
pananakop	conquest
pananakot	intimidation
pananalakay	aggression
pananalangin	prayer
pananalanta	devastation
pananalig	faith
pananalita	speech
pananalitang	speech
pananalitaʼy	speech is
pananambahan	worship
pananambang	ambush
pananambitan	lamentation
pananamit	clothing
pananampalataya	faith
pananampalatayang	faith
pananamsam	pananamasam
pananangis	crying
pananangisan	lamentation
pananatili	stay
pananatilihan	retention
pananatilihin	will be maintained
pananatilihing	retention
pananatiling	staying
pananaw	perspective
pananawagan	to call out
pananda	marker
panandalian	short-term
panandaliang	short-term
panandang	marker
panandok	spoon
panang	dressing
panangga	shield
pananggalang	protection
pananggang	shields
pananghalian	lunch
panangis	lament
panangisan	yowl
pananglaw	illumination
panangnan	grasped
pananim	crop
panapi	aprons
panapin	mat
panara	panara
panariwain	panariwain
panata	vow
panatag	assured
panatak	panatak
panatang	vow
panatiko	fanatic
panatilihin	keep
panatilihin 	keep 
panatilihing	keep
panaugin	down
panauhi	guest
panauhin	guest
panauhing	guest
panawagan	appeal
Panawagang	Call
panay	constantly
pandagat	maritime
pandak	short
pandangal	honorable
pandarahas	violence
pandarambong	plunder
pandaraya	fraud
pandarayang	fraud
pandareta	pandareta
panday	blacksmith
pandaypilak	silversmith
pandereta	tambourine
pandidirian	constipation
pandidirihan	disgust
pandigma	war
pandigma 	war 
pandilig	sprinkler
pandinig	hearing
panduro	pandora
panea	stop
pang	more
panga	bank
pangahas	daring
pangahasan	audacity
pangahit	razor
pangako	promise
pangakong	promise
pangakuan	recognition
pangala	name
pangalagaan	protect
pangalalay	support
pangalan	name
Pangalanan	Name
pangalanang	name
pangalang	name
pangalatin	spread
pangalawa	second
pangalawang	second
pangalawit	pendant
pangaliw	comfort
pangamba	fear
pangambang	apprehension
pangamot	paw
pangamoy	smell
panganak	birth
panganay	eldest
pangangabayo	horse riding
pangangabayuhin	will cause
pangangailangan	need
pangangalaga	care
pangangalagaan	to be cared for
pangangalakal	trade
Pangangalanan	The Landmark
pangangalat	the head of the ship
pangangalatin	scattering
pangangalating	the pangalating
pangangalumata	the eyes of the eye
pangangalunya	adultery
pangangamba	anxiety
pangangambahan	addition
pangangamkam	seizure
pangangamusta	greeting
panganganak	childbirth
panganganakan	food
pangangapit	clinging
pangangapitbahay	house-to-house
pangangaral	preaching
pangangasiwa	administration
pangangasiwaan	administration
pangangaso	hunting
pangangatal	tremor
pangangatawan	physique
pangangati	itching
pangangatuwiran	reasoning
pangangatuwirang	reasoning
pangangatwiran	reasoning
pangangayayatin	weight loss
panganib	danger
pangaral	sermon
pangaralan	preach
pangarap	dream
pangararo	north
pangarawaraw	the keeper
pangasiwaan	manage
pangasiwang	supervision
pangatlo	third
pangatlong	third
pangaw	pangaw
pangawan	stocks
pangawit	beginning
pangayupapain	humble
pangbaka	commander
pangbakang	backrest
pangbakay	ambushes
pangbalabal	cloak
pangbalangkas	the head of the sea
pangbalikat	shoulder
pangbalot	plating
pangbayo	horse
pangbihis	clothing
pangbingwit	fishing rod
pangbukid	furrow
pangbutas	aul
pangbuwal	offense
pangbuwis	taxing
pangdadahas	violence
pangdadaya	deceit
pangdamit	raiment
pangdigma	paradigm
pangduduwahagi	thank you for your kindness
pangduro	forks
pangeenkanto	pangeankanto
panggabi	night
panggabing	evening
panggagaling	origin
panggagalingan	source
panggagaway	witchcraft
panggalingan	origin
panggamot	medicinal
panggapas	sickle
panggastos	expenses
panggatong	fuel
panggayak	decoration
panggiba	the leader
panggigiba	the panggigiba
panggigilalas	astonishment
panggigipit	pressure
panggiik	geek
pangginaw	winter
panggising	alarm clock
panggitna	middle
panggitnang	middle
panggugulo	disturbance
panggupit	stick
panghabang	long-term
panghabi	the inhabitants
panghagupit	whipcord
panghahagupit	whipping
panghahalay	rape
panghahamak	contempt
panghaharang	blockade
panghahawakan	holding
panghain	sacrifice
panghalang	obstacle
panghalili	substitute
panghalo	mixer
panghamak	contempt
panghampas	whip
panghandog	offering
panghapon	afternoon
panghapong	afternoon
pangharang	barrier
panghari	day
panghasik	sowing
panghawak	ledges
panghawakan	handle
panghawakang	hold
panghihiganti	vengeance
panghihigantihan	repay
panghihikayat	encouragement
panghihimagsik	rebellion
panghihina	weakness
panghihinaan	weakening
panghihinayang	regret
panghihinayangan	regret
panghihinayangang	regret
panghihip	bellows
panghihiya	humiliation
panghikayat	persuasion
panghilagpos	sling
panghinaan	weaken
panghinayangan	regret
panghinayangang	regret
panghiwa	cutting board
panghudyat	signal
panghugas	dishwasher
panghuhula	prediction
panghuhulang	divination
panghuhuli	catching
panghuhuthot	mining
panghukay	excavator
panghuli	finally
panghuling	final
pangibaba	down
pangibabaw	glance
pangigig	shaker
pangil	fang
pangilabot	intervention
pangilabutin	terror
pangilaw	light
pangilawan	light
pangilin	OBLIGATION
pangiling	feast
pangingibahang	alienation
pangingibang	alienation
pangingikil	extortion
pangingilabot	horror
pangingilabutin	horror
pangingilin	abstinence
panginginain	grazing
panginginig	shiver
panginginigin	tremble
panginoo	gentleman
panginoon	lord
panginoong	lord
pangipit	tongs
pangisdaan	fishery
pangit	ugly
pangitain	vision
pangitaing	vision
pangiti	smile
pangkalahatang	general
pangkalakal	trade
pangkalmot	claw
pangkalupkop	cover
pangkandado	padlock
pangkapatiran	the chief of the army
pangkapayapaan	peacekeeping
pangkapon	for castration
pangkaraniwan	common
pangkaraniwang	common
pangkarwahe	carriage
pangkasal	wedding dress
pangkasalan	wedding
pangkasalanan	sinful
pangkat	group
pangkatay	skeleton
pangkatipunan	rank
pangkayod	scraper
pangkikil	Folding
pangkilabot	terrors
pangkubkob	siege
pangkukulam	witchcraft
panglabas	external
panglalait	insult
panglalambot	sorrow
panglasa	flavor
panglayag	sailing
panglibing	the scapegoat
pangligtas	commander
panglilibak	the commander
pangliligalig	the leader
panglima	commander
panglimang	fifth
panglinis	cleaning agent
panglito	confusion
panglitong	deadly
pangluksa	mourning
panglulumo	depression
panglulumuhin	depression
panglulupaypay	fainting
panglulupaypayin	discouragement
panglulupig	greed
panglupaypayan	fanning
panglupaypayin	confound
pangmabangong	the fragrant
pangmagkakapatid	brotherhood
pangmasa	mass
pangmasid	observation
pangmukha	facial
pangmusika	musical
pangongolekta	collection
pangpagaling	healing
pangpagiray	shaking
pangpahid	ointment
pangpalaging	permanent
pangpalibing	burial
pangpalis	broom
pangpalit	changes
pangpalubag	reconciliation
pangpalubagloob	propitiation
pangpang	rock
pangpangaw	fetters
pangpangin	food
pangpari	the bride and groom
pangpatay	slaughter
pangpawala	painkiller
pangpektoral	pectoral
pangpintuan	door
pangpintuang	doorway
pangproteksyon	protective
pangrelihiyon	religious
pangreyna	pangreyna
pangsaksak	the slingshot
pangsampu	shampoo
pangsara	share
pangsaway	street
pangsemento	Cementitious
pangsira	the savior
pangsirang	the slugfest
pangsiyam	pangsiyam
pangsulat	stationery
pangsuob	breastplate
pangsuot	clothing
pangsuub	censer
pangtabon	covering
pangtaboy	repellent
pangtag	slang
pangtagginaw	winter
pangtaginit	summer
pangtaglamig	winter
pangtakip	cover
pangtakot	scary
pangtalukbong	veil
pangtanglaw	torch
pangtapal	poultice
pangtatak	seal
pangtubos	RANSOM
pangulo	president
pangulong	president
panguna	CHIEF
pangunahan	lead
pangunahi	lead
pangunahin	main
pangunahing	main
pangunang	COVER
pangunawa	understanding
pangunguha	acquisition
pangungulila	bereavement
pangungulimlim	twilight
pangungulit	teasing
pangungumusta	greetings
pangunguna	leadership
pangungunahan	leadership
pangungusap	sentence
pangungusapan	sentence
pangungutya	mockery
pangwakas	final
pangwalang	no-show
pangwalo	eighth
pangwasak	destruction
pangwawasak	destruction
pangwisik	sprinkling
pangyapak	footwear
pangyayari	event
pangyayarihin	make happen
pangyayaring	event
panhasik	panhasic
panhikin	to beg
panibago	new
panibagong	new
panibugho	jealousy
panibughong	jealousy
panibughuin	to be jealous
panig	side
paniki	panic
paniking	panicking
panilo	cloth
panimbang	WEIGHTS
panimpla	seasoning
panimulang	introductory
paninda	merchandise
panindang	product
panindigan	stand up
paningasan	kindle
paningasin	ignite
paningi	reading
paningilan	receipt
paningin	sight
paninging	sight
paningkaw	bridle
paninibago	innovation
paninibugho	jealousy
paninikitin	to oppress
paninikluhod	prostration
paninilo	fishing
paninindigan	stance
paniningasan	burn
paniningasin	I was paninating.
paniningil	billing
paninira	vandalism
paninirahan	residence
paninirang	defamation
paninita	blasphemy
paniniwala	belief
paniniwalaan	to believe
paniniwalang	believing
panirahan	residence
panitikan	literature
panitikang	literature
paniwala	belief
paniwalaan	to believe
paniwalang	belief
panlaban	defense
panlabas	external
panlagay	insertion
panlalait	insult
panlalaki	masculine
panlaman	flesh
panlangit	heavenly
panlasa	taste
panleeg	empty pan
panlibing	funeral
panlilibak	ridicule
panlilinlang	deception
panlilipol	extermination
panlima	fifth
panlimang	fifth
panlinis	cleaning agent
panloloko	fraud
panloob	internal
panluksa	mourning
panlunas	remedy
panlupa	terrestrial
panlupig	conquest
panluto	cooking
pannag	pancake
panonood	watching
panonoorin	watch
panoorin	watch
panot	panot
panregalo	gift
panrelihiyon	religious
pansahod	receptacle
pansalag	pensalag
pansaliw	entertainment
pansalok	pensalok
pansamantala	temporarily
pansamantalang	temporary
pansapin	pansapin
pansarili	personal
pansariling	personal
pansin	attention
pansing	catching
pansinin	pay attention
pansining	artistic
pansuhol	pansuhol
pansumpa	dressing
pantabas	pruning shears
pantaboy	repellent
pantag	flat
pantaglamig	winter
pantakal	measuring stick
pantakip	cover
pantaklob	cover
pantal	rash
pantalaga	dedication
pantapal	poultice
pantas	fast
pantatak	seal
pantay	equal
pantayin	equalize
pantrabaho	work
pantubos	ransom
pantugon	response
pantulos	pantulos
pantusok	piercing
pantustos	supply
panudla	projectile
panugtog	musical instrument
panukala	proposal
panukalang	proposal
panukat	measure
panulat	pen
panulid	distaff
panulok	corner
panulukan	corner
panulukang	corner
panuluyan	lodging
panuluyanan	lodging
Panumbalikan	Turn
panumbalikin	restore
panumpain	oath
panundot	prod
panunod	inherit
panuntunan	rule
panunugtog	music
panunukso	teasing
panunulak	pushing
panunuligsa	attack
panunulsol	incitement
panunumbalik	restoration
panunumbalikin	restore
panunumbat	reprimand
panunumpa	oath
panunumpain	oath
panunumpang	oath
panunungayaw	curse
panunungkulan	tenure
panunuya	mockery
panunuyo	drying
panusok	stiletto
panustos	supply
panyapak	shoe
panyo	handkerchief
panyong	handkerchief
papaahon	father
papaakyat	going up
papaalis	leaving
papaalisin	to be expelled
papaano	how
papaanong	how
papaboran	favor
papadalhan	to be sent
papag	pallet
papagaalitin	parrot
papagaanakin	to be made easy
papagaasawahin	given in marriage
papagalitin	to provoke
papagasawahin	get her
papagayon	so that
papagayunuhin	to fast
papagbabaliking	returning
papagbabanalin	to sanctify
papagbabaunin	to be buried
papagbabayarin	to be paid
papagbalikin	to return
papagbaliking	returning
papagbanalin	sanctify
papagbayarin	to pay
papagbigkisin	to bundle
papagbungahin	to bear fruit
papagdadalamhatiin	to grieve
papagdalamhatiin	to grieve
papagdamdamin	to make people feel sad
papaghasikin	to sow
papaghihirapin	to suffer
papaghihiwalayin	to be separated
papaghihiwalaying	separation
papaghirapin	to make difficult
papaghiwalayin	separate
papaging	to become
papagisahing	symbolize
papagkakasalahin	to be angry
papagkakatuwain	fun
papagkasalahin	to be wronged
papagkasalanin	to blame
papagkasunduin	to reconcile
papagkukulangin	deficiency
papagkulangin	to be lazy
papaglagyin	to put
papaglalangibin	to be praised
papaglihihin	to be replaced
papaglikatin	to stop
papaglilikatin	to be abandoned
papaglilingkuring	to serve
papagliliwanagin	to clarify
papagliyabin	to be quiet
Papagmadaliin	Hurry up
papagmamatigasin	to harden
papagmanahin	to inherit
papagmatigasin	harden
papagningasing	lighting
papagniningasin	papagniningasin
papagpaalamin	farewell
Papagpagin	To be refreshed
papagpahingahin	to rest
papagpakumbabain	humble
papagpapaalamin	to be informed
papagpapaalaming	farewell
papagpapahingahin	to rest
papagpapanhik	begging
papagpaparoo	to go
papagpaunahin	to be prioritized
papagpipituhing	strike it into seven
Papagpisanin	Gather
papagsalitain	to make someone speak
papagsasalimuutin	to complicate
papagsisihin	to regret
papagsugpungin	to join together
papagsusugpungin	to meet
papagsusugpunging	meeting
papagtaglayin	to carry
papagtagumpayin	to make successful
Papagtayuin	Build
papagtibayin	to confirm
papagtipunin	gather
papagtitibayin	to strengthen
papagugnayugnayin	to coordinate
papagurin	to tire out
papahalagahan	to be appreciated
papahintulutang	will be allowed
papahiran	anoint
papahirin	wipe clean
papahiyain	to be humiliated
papailalim	papailalim
papailanlang	papailanlang
papainumin	to give a drink
papairalin	to apply
papaitaas	lifted
papakialaman	to interfere
papakinabangan	to benefit
papakinabangin	to benefit
papakinggan	to listen to
papakisamahan	to be accompanied
papakiusapan	please
papalabas	outgoing
Papalakarin	Papalakarin
papalakpak	applauding
papalapit	approaching
papalapitin	bring closer
papalarin	good luck
papalayain	to be released
papalayasin	to be evicted
papalayo	away
papalibutan	to surround
papaligiran	will be surrounded
papaliguin	to be replaced
papalis	papal
papalisin	wipe
papalit	replace
papalitadahan	to walk around
papalitan	to be replaced
papalubog	sinking
papaluin	to beat
papamahalain	papamahalain
papana	plan
papanagutin	hold accountable
papanain	to shoot
papananatilihing	will be maintained
papananauliin	to the papanula
Papanatag	Calm down.
Papanatagin	To be reassured
papanatilihin	to be maintained
papanauliin	papanail
papanaw	passing away
papanawin	to be released
papandayin	papandayin
papangalanan	to be named
papangalanang	name
papanggagalingin	the board of the galingalingin
papanggigilalasin	the giant of the island
papanghinain	weaken
papanginginainin	the ginginainin
papanginigin	the boarding school
papanginoonin	papanginoon
papanglawin	the board
papanglipulin	cardboard
papanglumuhin	the board of glory
papangumbabain	the gumbabain board
papangyarihin	make happen
papangyayarihin	the board of directors
papangyayarihing	the boarding house
papanibaguhin	to be renewed
papanig	biased
papanigan	to be biased
papaningasin	papaningasin
papanipis	papanipis
papaniwalain	to convince
papanlambutin	papanlambutin
papansinin	will be noticed
papantayan	to equalize
papantayin	to equalize
papanumbalikin	restore
papanumpain	swear
papanunumpain	to be sworn in
papapaitin	will be heated
papapanatagin	to be reassured
papapanginoon	to lord
papapangyarihin	will be made
papapariyanin	papaya
papapasukin	to let in
papapurihan	police station
paparada	park
paparatangan	handshake
paparating	coming soon
paparito	coming here
paparitong	paparitong
paparituhin	paparithin
papariyanin	papyrus
paparoon	to go there
paparoonan	going there
paparoonin	paparoon
paparoroonin	paparoroonin
papartihan	to share
paparusahan	will be punished
paparusahang	to be punished
papasanin	to be carried
papaslangin	to be killed
papaso	papaso
papasok	enter
papaspasan	papaspasan
papaspasin	papaspasin
papastulin	papastulin
papasuin	to be burned
papasukan	to enter
papasukin	let in
Papasukuin	Surrender
papatagin	to level
papatak	drip
papatakin	to be killed
papatatagin	to be strengthened
Papatawan	To be imposed
papatawarin	forgive
papatay	to kill
papatayin	to be killed
papataying	will be killed
papatiding	papatiding
papatigilin	papatigilin
papatirahin	papatirahin
papatirin	to ask
papatnubay	to be guided
papatnubayan	to be guided
papatnubayang	to be guided
papatnugutan	to be written
papatotoo	tablet
papatulan	will be punished
papatunayan	to prove
papatungan	to be placed on
Papautangin	shall generously lend
papauwi	going home
papawiin	to erase
papawirin	sky
papawiring	annoying
papayag	agree
papayagan	will be allowed
papayagang	will be allowed
papayapa	papaya
papayapain	papaya
papayuhan	advise
papel	paper
papigil	restraining
papihit	papihit
papihitin	papyrus
papilay	limp
papiliin	choose
papipihit	turning
papipinturahan	to be painted
papiro	papyrus
papista	from a priest
papunta	going
papuntahin	send
papuntang	to
papupugutan	beheading
papupuntahan	destination
papupuntahin	to be sent
papupurihan	to be praised
papuputiin	bean bag
papuputukin	papuputin
papuri	praise
papurihan	praise
papuring	praise
papuriʼt	praise
Papurulin	Paprullin
paputiin	bleach
papyrus	papyrus
para	to
para 	to 
paraa	stop
paraan	way
paraang	way
paraanin	pass
parada	stop
paraiso	paradise
paralisado	paralyzed
paralitiko	paralytic
paralitikong	paralytic
parami	more and more
paramihin	multiply
paramihing	more and more
Paran	Parents
parang	like
parang 	like 
parangal	award
parangalan	honor
parangalin	honor
parapara	garbage
paraparang	apparently
pararaanin	pararanan
pararamihin	to multiply
pararamihing	multiply
pararamtan	to dress
pararangalan	to be honored
pararangalin	pararangalin
pararatangan	flat
pararatingin	to be delivered
paratang	accusation
paratangan	accuser
parati	always
parating	coming soon
paratingin	to see
parausan	school
Parbar	Parbar
pare	look
parehang	both
parehas	Similarly
pareho	both
parehong	both
pares	peers
pari	complete
Parihaba	Rectangle
parihabang	rectangular
parilya	grid
parilyang	grill
paring	paring
pariparisukat	pariparisukat
paririto	will come
pariritong	coming
paririyan	paririyan
paris	paris
parisan	PATTERN
Pariseo	PHARISEES
Pariseong	Pharisee
parisukat	square
parisukat 	square 
parito	come here
paritong	coming
parituhin	couple
Parmasta	From Parma
Parmenas	Parmenas
paroo	go
paroon	there
paroonan	to go
parooʼt	parooʼt
paroparo	paroparo
paroroon	going there
paroroonan	destination
paroroonang	going there
paroroong	room
Paros	Days
Parshandata	Parshandata
Parsin	Parsi
parte	part
parteng	part
Partia	Party
partihan	share
Partihin	To the Party
partikular	specifically
Parto	Part
Parua	Small
Parumihin	To Parumi
parunan	grated
parurusahan	to be punished
parusa	punishment
parusa 	punishment 
parusahan	punish
parusahang	punishable
parusang	punishment
Parvaim	Parvaim
Pas	Not
pasa	happens
pasabi	notice
pasabing	saying
pasabsaban	manger
pasabsabin	to be told
Pasac	Pasac
pasaganain	posted
pasahero	passenger
pasahod	salary
pasakayin	put on
pasakit	pain
pasakop	submissive
pasalamat	thankfulness
pasalamata	thank
pasalamatan	thank
pasalihin	to invite
pasalitain	to speak
pasalubong	greetings
pasalunga	opposition
pasalungat	contrary
pasamahan	companionship
pasamahin	to bring together
pasamain	spoil
pasamano	ledge
pasambahin	add more
pasampa	arrival
pasampahin	to be angry
pasan	they pass
pasanan	it passes
pasang	install
pasanin	burden
pasaning	burden
Pasapiin	To Pasapin
pasapitin	to bring
pasara	had passed
pasas	passes
pasasa	abundant
pasasabahay	door-to-door
pasasabsabin	to be told
pasasaganain	to be enriched
Pasasakdalin	Perfection
pasasakop	subjugation
Pasasaktan	Hurt
pasasalakayin	to be attacked
pasasalamat	gratitude
pasasalamatan	to be grateful for
pasasamahan	to accompany
pasasamahin	to be included
pasasambahin	to be worshipped
pasasampahin	to be filed
pasasapitin	to bring
pasasayahin	to cheer up
pasaway	stubborn
pasayahin	make happy
pasayaw	dance
pascua	Passover
Pasdammin	Pasdammin
Pasea	Take a walk
pasensiya	apologies
pasensya	patience
Pashur	Pashhur
pasibol	passball
pasibulin	passibulin
pasigaw	shout
pasiglahi	stimulate
pasiglahin	stimulate
pasikat	showy
pasikatan	start
pasikot	sneaky
pasikut	sneaky
pasilangan	eastward
pasilangin	pasilangi
Pasilungin	The Pilgrim
pasilyo	hallway
pasilyong	hallway
pasimula	beginning
pasimulan	start
pasimulang	initial
pasimuno	initiator
pasintabi	set aside
pasiping	Passing
pasipingin	bring closer
pasisibulin	pacisibulin
pasisigawin	to shout
pasisiglahin	to be encouraged
pasisilangin	cross-legged
pasisimulan	to start
pasisimulang	return to the past
pasisipingin	want to
pasisiyahan	come down
pasiya	decision
pasiyahan	decide
pasiyang	decision
paskua	easter
paskuang	Easter
paskwa	Easter
paslangin	to kill
paslit	toddler
paso	passed
pasobra	leeway
Pasong	Pass
passes	passes
Passover	Passover
pastol	shepherd
pastol 	shepherd 
pastor	pastor
pastula	shepherd
pastulan	pasture
pastulang	pasture
pastulin	pasture
pasubasob	overturning
pasubsob	pasubsob
pasugo	dispatch
pasugong	dispatch
pasuguan	dispatch
pasukan	team
pasukin	enter
pasukuin	to surrender
pasulatan	correspondence
pasulong	forward
pasulyap	glance
pasumpain	to swear
pasunurin	obey
Pasur	had
pasuray	clean
pasusuguan	to be sent
pasusuhin	suckle
pasusuhing	breastfeeding
pasusukuin	surrender
pasusukuing	surrender
pasusumpain	to be sworn
pasusundan	follow-up
pasusuotan	to wear
pasusuplingin	to be reborn
pasususuhin	to be breastfed
pasya	decision
pasyang	decision
pata	butter
pataas	up
pataasin	increase
pataba	fertilizer
patabain	fatten
patag	PLAIN
patagalin	to prolong
patagilid	sideways
patagin	flatten
patago	secretly
patagong	hidden
patahanin	to settle down
patahimikin	silence
patak	drop
patakan	hit
patakaran	policy
patakarang	policy
patakasin	to escape
patakbo	run
patakbong	running
patakbuhin	run
patala	pay
patalasin	sharpen
patalikod	backwards
patalim	knife
patalinhaga	patalinhaga
patalinhagang	the thorny tree
patalon	jump
patamaan	hit
patambay	hang out
patanda	getting older
patangay	patangay
patani	patani
pataniman	plantation
patanong	question
patapalan	patapalan
patapon	throw away
patapos	finishing
Patapusin	Finish
Patara	Patara
patas	paws
patataasin	will be increased
patatagalin	will be extended
patatagin	stabilize
patatahanan	cause
patatahanin	to be inhabited
patatahaning	will be questioned
patatahimikin	to be silenced
patatakbuhin	will run
patatalikurin	potatoliquor
patatalo	will defeat
patatambakan	will be dumped
patatangisin	will make you cry
patatatagin	to stabilize
Patatawanin	To be laughed at
patatawarin	will be forgiven
patatayuan	to stand
patatayuin	to stand
pataw	levy
patawad	sorry
patawag	summons
patawarin	forgive
patawaring	excuse me
patawid	across
patawirin	to make it clear
patay	dead
patayan	massacre
patayang	murder
patayin	kill
pataying	deadly
patayo	vertical
patayong	vertical
patayuin	erect
Pathros	Pathros
Pathrusim	Pathrusim
pati	also
patibayan	foundation
patibayin	strengthen
patibong	trap
patid	broken
patigasin	harden
patigilin	stop
patilya	pacifier
patimog	southward
patindi	intensify
patindihin	intensify
Patingin	Let me see.
patingnan	to see
patirahin	to live in
patitibayin	to be strengthened
patitigasin	patitigasin
patitigilin	to stop
Patitikimin	Patitikin
patitirahan	patitirahan
patitirahin	to be left behind
patitirahing	patriarchy
patiwalain	entrust
patiwarik	upside down
patlang	field
Patmos	Patmos
patnubay	guidance
patnubayan	guide
patnugutan	to write
patong	coating
patongpatong	adversity
patoo	yes
patotohanan	confirm
patotoo	testimony
patotoong	testimony
patototohanan	to testify
patpat	stick
patriarka	Patriarchs
patriarkang	patriarchal
patriyarka	patriarch
Patrobas	Patrobas
Patros	Patros
Patrus	Patrus
Patruseo	Patruseo
Patrusim	Patrusim
patubigan	irrigation
patubo	interest
patubong	usury
patubuan	interest rate
patugtugin	play
patulan	to beat
patuli	circumcision
patulong	help
patuloy	continuously
patuloy 	continuously 
patulugin	put to sleep
patuluin	drain
patulungin	help
patuluyan	accommodation
patuluyin	to accommodate
patunay	proof
patunayan	prove
patunayang	prove
patung	statue
patunga	victim
patungan	joint venture
patungang	statue
patungkol	regarding
patungo	towards
patungong	towards
patunog	cornets
patunugin	to sound
patunuging	pronunciation
paturo	teaching
patutot	prostitute
patutubuan	interest rate
patutubuin	to grow
patutukso	tempting
patutuli	knock
Patutulisin	Sharpen
patutulugin	to be put to sleep
patutuluin	crib
Patutulungin	Will help
patutuluyin	to be accommodated
patutunayan	to prove
patutungo	going to
patutunguhan	destination
patutunugin	sound
patutunuging	to be heard
Patutuyuin	Let it dry.
patuyang	unbridled
patuyuin	dry
patyo	courtyard
patyong	patio
Pau	No longer
paukitan	the slumber
paulanan	rainy
paulanin	paulanin
paulit	repeatedly
paulitulit	repeatedly
Paulo	Paul
Paulus	Paul
paumanhin	sorry
paunahin	precede
paunang	initial
paunawaan	notice
paunlarin	develop
paupuin	to seat
paurong	backwards
pausigin	pause
pautal	stammer
pautang	loan
pautangin	lend
pautos	command
pauulanan	the hustle and bustle
pauulanin	pauluanin
Pauunahin	Pauunahin
pauunlarin	to develop
pauupahan	for rent
pauupuin	to be seated
pauusukin	pause
pauutangin	the scapegoat
pauuwiin	send home
pauwi	homecoming
pauwiin	send home
Pavimento	Flooring
pavimentong	pavimentong
pawa	lining
pawalan	release
pawalang	cancel
pawang	all
pawawalan	release
pawawalang	dismissal
pawiin	erase
pawikaan	Accuse
pawis	sweat
pawisan	sweaty
payabang	boastful
payabungin	to enrich
payag	willing
payagan	allow
Payagan 	Allow 
payagang	allow
payak	simple
payamanin	enrich
payaon	departed
payapa	peaceful
payapain	appease
payapang	peaceful
payapaʼt	peace and quiet
payat	thin
payaunin	payaunin
payayamanin	payayamanin
payayaunin	payayuanin
payo	advice
payong	umbrella
paypay	fan
payuhan	advise
payuyukurin	Payuyukurin
pazez	guard
paʼy	paʼy
Pe	On
pearl	pearl
Peca	Part
Pecod	Sin
Ped	Ped
Pedael	Pedael
Pedaia	Pedaiah
Pedaias	Pedaias
Pedasur	Pedasur
Pedaya	Pedaya
Pedazur	Pedasur
Pedro	Pedro
Peka	Sensitive
Pekahias	Pekahiah
Pekaia	Pekahiah
Pekaya	Rich
pekeng	fake
peklat	scar
Pekod	Point code
pektoral	pectoral
Pelaia	That's right
Pelaias	Pelaias
Pelalia	Pelalia
Pelalias	Pelaliah
Pelatia	Pelatia
Pelatias	Pelatiah
Pelaya	Waiter
Peleg	Peleg
pelet	pellets
Peleteo	Spelling
Peleth	Peleth
Peletheo	Peletheo
pelicano	pelican
pelikano	pelican
Pelon	Fear
Pelonita	Pelonite
Pelosium	Pelosium
Pelusium	Pelusium
Peniel	Penile
Penina	Pen
Peninna	Peninnah
Pentateuch	Pentateuch
Pentecostes	Pentecost
Penuel	Penuel
people	people
peor	worse
pepino	cucumbers
pera	money
perang	war
perasim	perasim
Perat	It is difficult.
Peraton	Peraton
perazim	perazim
peraʼy	peraʼy
peres	peres
Peresh	Peresh
Perez	Perez
Perezeo	Perezeo
Perga	Go ahead.
pergamino	parchment
Pergamo	Pergamon
Pergamum	Pergamum
Perida	Perida
perish	perish
perlas	pearl
permanente	permanent
permanenteng	permanent
pero	but
Pero 	But 
perpekto	perfect
Persia	Persia
Persida	Persis
Persis	Exactly
personal	personal
Peruda	The People
peste	fish
Petahia	Petah Tikva
Petahias	Petahias
Petaya	Petaya
Pethahias	Pethahias
Pethaia	Pethaia
Pethor	Pethor
Pethuel	Pethuel
Petor	Petor
Petra	Petra
petsa	date
petsang	date
Petuel	Petuel
Peuletai	Peuletai
Peulletai	Peulletai
Peullethai	Peullethai
Phadon	Phadon
Phallu	Phallus
Phara	Wide
Pharai	Paray
Phares	Lighthouses
Pharesita	Pharesita
Pharmastha	Pharma
Pharnach	Pharnach
Pharos	Pharos
Pharphar	Pharphar
Pharua	Pharua
Phasea	Phasea
Phasur	Phasur
Phegiel	Pegiel
Pheleth	Pheleth
Phelonita	Phelonita
Pherezeo	Pherezius
Phetrusim	Petrusim
Phicol	Phicol
Philippine	Philippine
Phinees	Phinehas
Phinon	Phinon
Phirathita	Phiranatha
Phiream	Phiream
Phithom	Phytom
Phiton	Phiton
Phoratha	Phoratha
Phorsandatha	Porsandatha
Phua	Break
Phul	Grass
Phunon	Punon
Phut	Phut
Phuteo	Phuteo
Phuth	Phuth
Phutiel	Phutiel
Pi	Pi
Picol	Picol
pigaan	squeeze
pigain	squeeze
pigargo	pigargo
pigeon	pigeon
pighati	pighati
pighatiin	to grieve
pigi	cheap
pigilan	prevent
pigilin	restrain
piging	banquet
pigingan	banquet
pigsa	boil
pigsang	boil
pihikan	delicate
pihit	twist
pihitan	crank
pihitang	turn
pihitin	twist
Pihong	specifically
piitan	prison
piitang	prison
piitin	pitcher
piklat	pickle
piko	bend
pikpik	compact
pilak	silver
pilak 	silver 
pilakteria	hoarding
pilakterya	pilakterya
pilansik	pilansik
pilat	Pilate
Pilato	Pilate
Pilatong	Pilate
pilay	lame
Pildas	Fills
pile	pile
pileser	filer
pilete	tickets
pileteng	ticket office
Pilha	Battery
pili	close
piliin	choose
piliing	choose
pilik	eyelash
piling	piling
Pilipinas	Philippines
pilipisan	temporal
pilipit	twisted
pilipitin	twist
pilit	forced
pilitan	force
pilitin	force
piliting	forced
pilneser	pilneser
pilosopia	philosophy
pilosopiya	philosophy
pilosopong	philosophical
piloto	pilot
Piltai	Piltai
pilyo	naughty
pinaaabot	sent
pinaaagos	flowing
pinaaalalahanan	reminded
Pinaaalis	Being expelled
pinaaalon	waved
pinaaamo	tamed
Pinaaawit	Singing
pinaabot	extended
pinaagos	caused
pinaahitan	shaved
pinaahon	brought up
pinaakusahan	accused
pinaakyat	sent up
pinaalagaan	cared for
pinaalala	reminded
pinaalalahanan	reminded
pinaalingasaw	scented
pinaalis	dismissed
pinaasa	expected
pinaatras	pinata
pinaawit	SING
pinababa	lowered
pinababagsak	overthrown
pinababalik	returning
Pinababangon	Raising
pinababantayan	guarded
pinababayaan	neglected
pinababayaang	neglected
pinabagsak	overthrown
pinabakuran	fenced
pinabalik	returned
Pinabalitaan	Reported
pinabalutan	wrapped
pinabanal	sanctified
pinabango	perfumed
Pinabangon	Raised
pinabanguhan	perfumed
pinabantayan	guarded
pinabantayang	guarded
Pinabaon	Buried
pinabaunan	buried
pinabayaan	neglected
pinabayaang	neglected
Pinabayaran	Paid
pinabibigat	burdened
pinabigat	weighed down
pinabigyan	granted
Pinabitak	Cracked
Pinabitin	Hanged
pinabubula	foaming
Pinabubunga	Fruitful
pinabugbog	beaten
pinabuka	opened
pinabuksan	opened
Pinaburdahan	Embroidered
pinabuti	improved
pinabuwis	taxed
pinadaan	passed through
pinadadaan	passing through
pinadadalhan	being sent
pinadadali	simplified
pinadadalisay	purified
Pinadagdagan	been increased
pinadakila	exalted
pinadakilang	magnified
pinadala	sent
pinadalhan	sent
pinadalisay	purified
pinadaloy	shed
pinadami	multiplied
Pinadamitan	Dressed
pinadanak	shed
Pinadapo	Perched
pinadapuan	perched
pinadating	caused
Pinaderan	Walled
pinadilat	pinadilat
pinadilim	pinadilim
Pinadingdingan	Walled
pinadiran	pinadiran
pinag	made
pinagaakalaan	presumed
pinagaalab	burning
pinagaalambitinan	lamented
pinagaalis	being removed
pinagaalog	shaken
pinagaan	lightened
pinagaawitanan	sung
pinagabutan	overtaken
pinagagala	wandering
pinagagalaw	being moved
pinagagalawgalaw	moving
pinagagaling	being treated
pinagaganda	beautification
pinagagawa	made
pinagakalaang	expected
pinagala	remembered
pinagalab	ignited
pinagalak	delighted
pinagaling	healed
pinagalitan	scolded
pinaganda	beautified
pinagapat	made up
pinagaralan	studied
pinagarawan	made
pinagawa	made
pinagawan	abandoned
Pinagayak	Decorated
pinagbabaan	lowered
pinagbabakbakan	fighting
Pinagbabalakan	Planning
Pinagbabali	Breaking
pinagbabalibali	confused
pinagbabantaan	threatened
pinagbabasag	being broken
pinagbabasbasan	being blessed
pinagbabasihan	based on
pinagbabatayan	underlying
pinagbabato	stoned
pinagbabautismuhan	being baptized
pinagbabawalan	prohibited
pinagbabawalang	prohibited
pinagbabayad	paid
pinagbabayaran	paid
pinagbabayo	being seduced
pinagbalot	wrapped
pinagbantaan	threatened
pinagbantay	guarded
pinagbasag	broken
pinagbatuhanan	stoned
pinagbautismuhan	baptized
pinagbawalan	banned
pinagbawalang	banned
pinagbayad	paid
pinagbentahan	sold
pinagbibigay	giving
pinagbibigyan	given
Pinagbibilinan	Ordered
pinagbibintangan	accused
pinagbibintangang	accused
pinagbigyan	granted
pinagbihagan	taken prisoner
pinagbilangguan	imprisoned
pinagbilhan	sold
pinagbili	sold
pinagbilinan	instructed
pinagbilinang	trained
pinagbintangan	accused
pinagbintangang	accused
pinagbitak	cracked
pinagbithayan	hanging
pinagbiyayaan	blessed
pinagbubugbog	being beaten
pinagbubuhat	being carried
pinagbubuhatan	place of work
pinagbubukahan	open-ended
pinagbubukod	excluded
pinagbubuksan	opening
pinagbubula	foaming
pinagbubulaanan	being lied to
pinagbubulay	pondering
pinagbubulaybulay	pondering
pinagbubulung	whispered
pinagbuburulan	being bullied
pinagbuhatan	origin
Pinagbuhol	Knotted
pinagbuhusan	poured
pinagbuklod	bound
pinagbukod	excluded
pinagbuksan	opened
pinagbulaanan	refuted
pinagbulag	blinded
pinagbulay	pondered
pinagbulaybulay	pondered
Pinagbuti	Improved
pinagbuwis	taxed
pinagdadala	being carried
pinagdadalamhati	grieving
pinagdadalang	pregnant
pinagdadalhan	being transported
pinagdadalisayan	being refined
pinagdala	brought
pinagdalamhati	grieved
pinagdalawa	doubled
pinagdalawang	doubled
pinagdalhan	brought
pinagdalhang	brought
pinagdaraanan	passing through
pinagdarausan	venue
pinagdilidili	pondering
pinagdudugtong	connected
pinagduduraan	spitting
pinagdudurog	crushed
pinagdugtong	connected
pinagdugtungan	connected
pinagdurusa	suffering
pinagdusa	suffered
Pinagdusahan	Suffered
pinaggagawa	made
pinaggagawan	work done
pinaggawaan	workshop
pinaggawan	made
pinaggawaran	awarded
pinaggayakan	decorated
pinaggigiba	being demolished
Pinaggrupo	Grouped
pinaggunawan	was destroyed
pinaggupitan	clipped
pinaghabulan	chased
pinaghahagkan	kissing
pinaghahampas	being beaten
pinaghahanap	wanted
pinaghahanapan	wanted
pinaghahandaan	being prepared
pinaghahandugan	offered
Pinaghahari	Dominated
pinaghaharian	ruled
pinaghahati	divided
pinaghahatian	shared
pinaghahatulan	being judged
pinaghainan	served
pinaghalong	mixture
pinaghaluan	mixed
pinaghampas	beaten
pinaghanapan	searched for
Pinaghanda	Prepared
pinaghandaan	prepared
pinaghandugan	offered
pinaghapak	torn
pinaghari	ruled
pinagharian	ruled
pinaghati	divided
pinaghatihatian	divided
pinaghating	divided
pinaghawakan	held
pinaghigantihan	avenged
pinaghihigantihan	being avenged
pinaghihintay	waiting
pinaghihirap	suffering
pinaghihiwa	being broken
pinaghihiwalay	separated
pinaghilamos	washed
pinaghilom	cured
pinaghimuran	sought after
pinaghintay	kept waiting
pinaghirapan	worked hard
pinaghiwa	broken
pinaghiwalay	separated
pinaghiwalayan	separated
pinaghugas	washed
pinaghugasan	washed
pinaghuhubad	undressing
pinaghuhugas	being washed
pinaghuhukayan	being dug up
pinaghukayan	excavated
pinaghulmahan	molded
pinaghulugan	source
pinagibayo	increased
pinagigi	refined
pinagiging	becoming
pinagiginhawa	comforting
pinagigiraygiray	shaking
pinagiisip	thinking about
pinaging	made
pinagingatan	guarded
pinaginhawa	refreshed
pinagisa	united
pinagisipan	thought about
pinagkabit	attached
pinagkaiba	difference
pinagkaisahan	consensus
pinagkait	deprived
pinagkaitan	deprived
pinagkakaabalahan	busy
pinagkakabitan	attachment
pinagkakagat	biting
pinagkakaguluhan	confusion
pinagkakahiwalayan	separation
pinagkakaitan	deprived
pinagkakakilanlan	identity
pinagkakakitaan	source of income
pinagkakalmot	scratched
pinagkakalooban	granted
pinagkakampuhan	campsite
pinagkakanlungan	refuge
pinagkakasalahan	guilty
pinagkakasundo	reconciliation
pinagkakatayan	slaughterhouse
pinagkakatipunan	gathering place
pinagkakatiwalaan	trusted
pinagkakatiwalaan 	trusted 
pinagkakatiwalaang	trusted
pinagkakatuwaan	fun
pinagkakatuwiranan	justification
pinagkakautangan	creditor
pinagkakitaan	source of income
pinagkalatan	scattered
pinagkalooban	endowed
pinagkaloobang	granted
pinagkamalian	mistake
pinagkamatayan	cause of death
pinagkampo	camped
pinagkampuhan	camped
pinagkandilihan	dependent
pinagkanlungan	shelter
pinagkaroonan	where you live
pinagkasalaan	guilty
pinagkasalahan	wronged
pinagkasalanan	guilty
pinagkasundo	reconciled
pinagkasunduan	consensus
pinagkasunduang	agreed upon
pinagkatiwalaan	entrusted
pinagkatiwalaang	trusted
Pinagkatuwaan	Fun
pinagkatuwiranan	reasoned
pinagkaugalian	custom
pinagkautangan	debtor
pinagkrus	crossed
pinagkublihan	shelter
pinagkuha	taken
pinagkuhanan	source
pinagkukublihan	hiding place
pinagkukuha	being taken
pinagkukulang	deficiency
pinagkukulangan	source
pinagkukulungan	detention
pinagkukunan	source
pinagkukutaan	fortified place
pinagkunan	source
pinagkurus	crucified
pinaglaanan	provided for
pinaglaban	fought over
pinaglabanan	fought over
pinaglabasan	exit
pinaglagakan	deposited
pinaglagari	sawn
pinaglagyan	placed
pinaglaho	disappeared
pinaglakbayan	traveled
pinaglalaanan	provided
pinaglalabahan	laundry
pinaglalagakan	storage
pinaglalagut	being eaten
pinaglalagyan	place
pinaglalakad	walking
pinaglalangan	manipulated
Pinaglalaro	Playing
pinaglalaruan	playing with
pinaglapagan	placed
pinaglaruan	played with
pinaglibinga	buried
pinaglibingan	buried
pinaglilingkuran	served
pinaglilingkurang	served
pinaglilipol	being destroyed
pinaglilipunan	gathering place
Pinagliliwanag	Explaining
pinaglingkod	served
pinaglingkuran	served
pinaglingkurang	served
pinaglipol	annihilated
Pinagliwanag	Illuminated
pinaglulutuan	cooking place
pinagluray	torn to pieces
pinaglurayluray	torn apart
pinaglutuan	cooked
pinagmadali	hurried
pinagmalas	viewed
pinagmalupitan	mistreated
Pinagmamadali	In a hurry
pinagmamalasakitan	concerned about
pinagmamalupitan	mistreated
pinagmamasahan	being read
pinagmamasdan	being watched
pinagmanman	monitored
pinagmasdan	observed
pinagmasdang	observed
pinagmatigas	hardened
pinagmimithian	desired
pinagmulan	origin
pinagmulang	origin
pinagmumulan	source
Pinagmumura	Cursing
pinagnakawan	robbed
pinagnanakawan	robbed
pinagnanasaan	desired
pinagnanasaang	desired
pinagnasaan	desired
pinagnasaang	desired
pinagnasahan	desired
pinagngalitan	scolded
pinagngangalit	furious
pinagngangalitan	scolded
pinagningas	ignited
Pinagninilay	Contemplating
pinagniningas	ignited
pinagod	tired
pinagpaalam	farewell
pinagpababaan	being humiliated
pinagpagalan	laborious
pinagpaguran	hard work
pinagpahanapan	to be seen
pinagpahinga	rested
pinagpakadumhan	defiled
pinagpakitaan	shown
pinagpakuan	nailed
pinagpala	blessed
pinagpalang	blessed
pinagpalit	exchanged
pinagpangkat	grouped
pinagpapagalan	hardworking
pinagpapahinga	resting
pinagpapainuman	watering hole
pinagpapakitaan	being shown
pinagpapakuluan	boiling water
pinagpapala	blessed
Pinagpapalagayan	It is assumed
pinagpapalang	blessed
pinagpapana	archery
Pinagpapasan	Being carried
pinagpapatay	being killed
pinagpapatayan	being killed
pinagpapatirapaan	prostrate
pinagpare	paired
pinagpasan	worn
pinagpasasaan	being fed
pinagpasukan	employed
pinagpataguan	hiding place
pinagpatahanan	settled
pinagpatayan	massacred
pinagpatidpatid	broken up
pinagpatungan	overlaid
pinagpaunahan	initiated
pinagpaunawaan	agreed upon
pinagpayuhan	advised
pinagpayuhang	advised
pinagpigingan	banquet
pinagpilian	chosen
pinagpipiga	squeezed
pinagpipiit	being forced
pinagpipilitan	forced
pinagpipilitang	forced
pinagpipitaganan	respected
pinagpira	sliced
pinagpisan	gathered
pinagpiyansa	bailed
Pinagplanuhan	Planned
pinagpunit	torn
pinagpuno	filled
pinagpunuan	filled
pinagpunuang	filled
pinagpupugaran	crowded
pinagpupunuan	being ruled
pinagpupurihan	praised
pinagpupuspos	filling
pinagpuputol	being cut
pinagpuputolputol	chopped into pieces
pinagpupuyatan	being watched
pinagpupwestuhan	being placed
pinagputol	cut
pinagputolputol	chopped into pieces
pinagputul	cuttings
pinagputulan	cuttings
pinagpyansa	bailed
pinagsabihan	reprimanded
pinagsabihang	was told
pinagsakop	conquered
pinagsaligan	based on
pinagsalita	spoken
pinagsalitaan	talked about
pinagsalu	shared
pinagsama	combined
pinagsamang	combined
pinagsamantalahan	exploited
pinagsanggunianan	consulted
pinagsanib	merged
pinagsapalaran	risked
pinagsapalaranan	risk
pinagsarhan	closed
pinagsasabi	saying
pinagsasabihan	being told off
pinagsasabitan	hanging
pinagsasadya	intentionally
pinagsasaktan	being hurt
pinagsasaligan	foundation
pinagsasaligang	foundation
pinagsasalikupan	environment
pinagsasalita	spoken
pinagsasalitaan	spoken to
pinagsasalitaanan	spoken to
pinagsasalubungan	meeting place
pinagsasaluhan	shared
pinagsasamantalahan	exploited
pinagsasambahan	place of worship
pinagsasampal	being slapped
pinagsasamsam	plundered
pinagsasarhan	being closed
pinagsasasabi	being told
pinagsawa	bored
pinagsawaan	bored
pinagsaysayan	history
Pinagselos	Made jealous
pinagsikapan	effort
pinagsikapang	tried
pinagsilbihan	served
pinagsimula	started
pinagsimulan	started
Pinagsisigawan	Shouting
pinagsisiha	regrets
pinagsisihan	regretted
pinagsisikapan	striving
pinagsisikapang	trying to
pinagsisimulan	starting
pinagsisinungalingan	being lied to
pinagsisira	destroying
pinagsisisihan	regretful
pinagsugalan	gambled
pinagsuguan	sent
pinagsumikapan	worked hard
pinagsunog	burned
pinagsuntukanan	punched
pinagsunugan	burned
pinagsuot	worn
pinagsupok	consumed
pinagsusuguan	sent
pinagsusunog	burning
pinagsusuntok	punched
pinagsusunugan	burning
pinagsusuwag	forged
Pinagsutsutan	Whistled
pinagtaasan	raised
Pinagtabi	Set aside
pinagtabunan	covered
pinagtabuyan	expelled
pinagtagni	provided
pinagtagpuan	meeting place
pinagtaguan	hiding place
pinagtagumpay	succeeded
pinagtahi	sewn
pinagtakdaan	assigned
pinagtakpan	covered up
pinagtaksilan	betrayed
pinagtalunan	disputed
pinagtamasa	enjoyed
pinagtangkaan	attempted
pinagtangkaang	attempted
pinagtaniman	planted
pinagtapak	trampled
pinagtapunan	dumping ground
pinagtataanan	accommodation
pinagtataasan	being promoted
pinagtataga	established
pinagtataguan	hiding place
pinagtatagumpay	successful
pinagtatahian	sewing
pinagtatakan	sealed
pinagtatakpan	covered up
Pinagtatali	Tied up
pinagtatalunan	disputed
pinagtatangkaan	attempted
pinagtatangkaang	attempted
pinagtataniman	plantation
Pinagtatanong	Questioning
pinagtatapon	being thrown away
pinagtatapunan	dumping ground
pinagtatawanan	being laughed at
pinagtatayuan	standing on
Pinagtatlo	Triad
Pinagtatlong	Triangulated
pinagtatrabaho	employed
pinagtatrabahong	employed
pinagtatrabahuhan	workplace
pinagtatrangkahan	locked
pinagtawana	laughed at
pinagtawanan	laughed at
pinagtayuan	built
pinagtibagan	was beaten
pinagtibay	approved
pinagtibayan	confirmed
pinagtiis	endured
pinagtiisan	endured
pinagtikuman	tested
pinagtindigan	opposed
pinagtipunan	gathering place
pinagtitibay	affirming
pinagtitibayan	confirmed
pinagtitiisan	endured
pinagtitipunan	gathering place
pinagtitiwalaan	trusted
pinagtiwalaan	entrusted
pinagtiyagaan	persevered
pinagtrabaho	put to work
pinagtuli	circumcised
pinagtulian	circumcised
pinagtuling	circumcised
Pinagtulungan	Collaborated
Pinagtulungang	Collaborative
pinagtunawan	melted
pinagtutubos	being ransomed
pinagtutukso	being tempted
Pinagtutulung	Helping
pinagtutulungan	working together
pinagtutuunan	focus
pinaguguhit	being drawn
Pinaguho	Collapsed
pinagukitan	engraved
pinagukulan	assigned
pinagulong	rolled
pinagulusanan	wounded
pinagusig	persecuted
pinagutusan	ordered
pinaguusapan	being discussed
pinaguusig	persecuted
pinagwagi	winner
pinagwaraywaray	crushed
pinagwari	considered
pinagwawaraywaray	crush
pinagwikaan	reprimanded
pinagwiwikaan	spoken about
pinagwiwisikan	ministry
Pinagyama	Pinagmatan
pinagyaman	enriched
pinagyayabangan	boasting
pinagyayaman	enriched
pinagyurakan	stamped
pinahaba	extended
pinahahaba	lengthened
pinahahalagahan	appreciated
pinahahalimuyak	perfumed
pinahahanga	admired
pinahahanginan	aired
pinahaharap	presented
pinahahatdan	limited
pinahalagahan	appreciated
pinahanap	searched
pinahanay	aligned
pinahanda	prepared
pinahanga	impressed
pinahanginan	aired
pinaharap	presented
pinahatiran	delivered
pinahawak	held
Pinahawakan	Handled
Pinahayag	Revealed
pinahiga	laid down
pinahihiga	laid down
pinahihihip	blown
pinahihimpil	being stationed
pinahihina	weakened
Pinahihinto	Stopped
pinahihintulutan	permitted
pinahihintulutang	permitted
pinahihip	blown
pinahihiram	borrowed
pinahihirapan	tortured
pinahihirapang	tortured
pinahilagpos	thrown away
Pinahilera	Lined up
pinahimbing	enchanted
pinahina	weakened
pinahinto	stopped
pinahintulot	allowed
pinahintulutan	allowed
pinahintulutang	allowed
pinahiram	lent
pinahiran	anointed
pinahirang	anointed
pinahirapan	tortured
pinahirapang	tortured
pinahitit	sucked
pinahiwalay	separated
pinahiya	humiliated
pinahubaran	Pinahubaràn
pinahukay	excavated
pinaihip	pineapple
Pinaiihip	Blowing
pinaiilanglang	being lifted
pinaiilanlang	is being promoted
pinaiinit	heated
pinaiinom	given to drink
pinaiiral	enforced
pinaikli	shortened
pinaikot	rotated
pinaikutan	surrounded
pinailanglang	draws
pinaimbestigahan	investigated
pinaimbitahan	invited
pinainan	served
Pinaingatan	Preserved
pinainit	heated
pinainitan	heated
pinainom	pinainom
pinairal	implemented
pinaiwan	abandoned
pinaka	most
pinakaaayawan	most undesirable
pinakaaba	lowest
pinakaabang	lowest
pinakaako	me
pinakaalaala	most memorable
pinakaalaalang	most memorable
pinakaalay	offering
pinakaalipin	most slave
pinakaaliping	most slave
pinakaalulod	deepest
pinakaama	father-in-law
pinakaanak	youngest child
pinakaapoy	hottest
pinakaaral	most educated
pinakaaraw	the sun
pinakaari	owner
pinakaaring	most expensive
pinakababala	most dangerous
pinakababanal	most holy
pinakabahagi	most part
pinakabahay	offerings
pinakabalot	swaddlingband
pinakabanal	most holy
pinakabantay	most careful
pinakabaon	deepest
pinakabata	youngest
pinakabatong	the most rocky
pinakabayad	highest paid
pinakabayan	most popular
pinakabitag	most trap
pinakabunso	youngest
pinakabuwis	most taxed
pinakadakila	greatest
pinakadakilang	greatest
pinakadalisay	purest
pinakadamit	best clothes
pinakadiadema	most diadem
pinakadukha	pinakadukha
pinakadukhang	poorest
pinakadulo	the very end
pinakadulong	farthest
pinakaganti	most revengeful
pinakagantimpala	most rewarding
pinakagayak	most decorated
pinakagubat	the most warlike
pinakagwapo	most handsome
Pinakahahangad	coveted
pinakahain	most important
pinakahaing	the most important
pinakahaliging	pillar
pinakahalimbawa	most exemplary
pinakahamak	least
pinakahandog	most offering
pinakahangganan	utmost
pinakahari	predominant
pinakahihintay	long-awaited
pinakahirang	most chosen
pinakahuli	latest
pinakahuling	latest
pinakaiibig	most beloved
pinakailalim	deepest
pinakailaw	brightest
pinakain	fed
pinakaing	food
pinakainuming	best drink
pinakakaaway	worst enemy
pinakakahuluganan	most meaningful
pinakakain	best eaten
pinakakalansing	tiniest
pinakakaloob	most generous
pinakakamanghaan	most amazing
pinakakamay	handiest
pinakakanlungan	most sheltered place
pinakakapuri	most widely
pinakakatibayan	most evidence
pinakakatunayan	pledge
pinakakaunti	least
pinakakaunting	least
Pinakakawalan	Release
pinakakawawa	most unfortunate
pinakakayamanan	wealthiest
pinakakubong	most sheltered
pinakakusang	offerings as
pinakakuta	the most powerful
pinakakutang	most fortified
pinakakutya	most ridiculous
pinakalabi	the most
Pinakalagan	Released
pinakalaging	always
pinakalahi	latest
pinakalakas	strongest
pinakalaki	largest
pinakalalim	deepest
pinakalangit	top
pinakalat	most widespread
pinakaleeg	neck
pinakalibangan	most entertaining
pinakaliwanag	brightest
pinakaliyab	pinakalyab
pinakaloob	innermost
pinakaluklukan	highest seat
pinakaluwalhati	most glorious
pinakamaalat	saltiest
pinakamababa	lowest
pinakamababang	lowest
pinakamabait	kindest
pinakamabigat	heaviest
pinakamabubuting	best
pinakamabuti	best
pinakamabuting	best
pinakamadilim	darkest
pinakamagagaling	the best
pinakamagaganda	the most beautiful
pinakamagaling	best
pinakamaganda	the best
pinakamagandang	the best
pinakamagarang	the most beautiful
pinakamagigiting	bravest
pinakamagiting	bravest
pinakamahal	most expensive
pinakamahalaga	most important
pinakamahalagang	most important
pinakamahigpit	strictest
pinakamahihirap	poorest
pinakamahina	weakest
pinakamahinang	weakest
pinakamahirap	hardest
pinakamahuhusay	the best
pinakamahusay	best
pinakamaiinam	best
pinakamainam	best
pinakamakapangyarihan	most powerful
pinakamakapangyarihang	most powerful
pinakamakasalanan	most sinful
pinakamakisig	most handsome
pinakamalakas	strongest
pinakamalaki	largest
pinakamalaking	biggest
pinakamalalakas	strongest
pinakamalalaki	biggest
pinakamalalayong	furthest
pinakamalalim	deepest
pinakamalapit	nearest
pinakamalayong	furthest
pinakamaliit	smallest
pinakamalulupit	cruelest
pinakamalungkot	saddest
pinakamalupit	cruelest
pinakamalusog	your healthiest
pinakamamahal	dearest
pinakamana	inheritance
pinakamangmang	most foolish
pinakamapalad	luckiest
pinakamapanglaw	saddest
pinakamaraming	the most
pinakamarikit	most beautiful
pinakamarunong	wisest
pinakamasakit	most painful
pinakamasama	worst
pinakamasamang	worst
pinakamasarap	most delicious
pinakamasasamang	worst
pinakamasasarap	most delicious
pinakamaselang	most delicate
pinakamata	the most beautiful
pinakamataas	highest
pinakamataba	fattest
pinakamatabang	richest
pinakamatalik	best
pinakamatalino	smartest
pinakamatalinong	wisest
pinakamatamis	sweetest
pinakamatanda	oldest
pinakamatandang	oldest
pinakamatangkad	tallest
pinakamatapang	bravest
pinakamatapat	most faithful
pinakamatataas	highest
pinakamatatanda	oldest
pinakamatatapang	bravest
pinakamatibay	strongest
pinakamatigas	toughest
pinakamatindi	most intense
pinakamatuwid	most righteous
pinakamayaman	richest
pinakamayayamang	richest
pinakamimithi	most desired
pinakamura	cheapest
pinakananais	most desired
pinakananasa	most desired
pinakapabato	the most beautiful
pinakapaborito	most favorite
pinakapader	wall
pinakapag	the most
pinakapagkain	for eating
pinakapahingahang	couching
pinakapalaging	most always
pinakapalatuntunan	most formal
pinakapalatuntunang	most legal
pinakapalit	newest
pinakapamana	inheritance
pinakapanaghoy	most lamentable
pinakapangalan	renown
pinakapangalawa	second most
pinakapanggatong	the most fuel
pinakapangit	worst
pinakapangpaganda	most beautiful
pinakapangtubos	offering
pinakapangulo	oldest
pinakapangulong	chiefest
pinakapanguna	foremost
pinakapangunahing	most basic
pinakapantas	wisest
pinakapasamanong	most important
pinakapatibayan	most convincing
pinakapatotoo	most truthful
pinakapiling	choicest
pinakapilit	strongly
pinakapinong	finest
pinakapintas	most critical
pinakapintuan	very door
pinakapinuno	Prime Minister
pinakapising	tightest
pinakapista	most festive
pinakapit	closest
pinakapula	reddest
pinakapuno	most important
pinakapunong	chief
pinakapuri	most praised
pinakasagradong	most sacred
pinakasaksi	most witness
pinakasalan	married
pinakasalang	most guilty
pinakasamsam	most spoils
pinakasangla	most important
pinakasantuario	most sacred
pinakasaserdote	high priest
pinakasaway	most reprehensible
pinakasentro	very center
pinakasilo	most ensnared
pinakasinturon	the most important
pinakasugo	most important
pinakasukal	most important
pinakasukat	maximum size
pinakasulok	corner
pinakasumpa	cursed
pinakasungay	horniest
pinakatahimik	quietest
pinakatali	tightest
pinakataluktok	farthest
pinakatanda	oldest
pinakatandang	oldest
pinakatanggihan	most rejected
pinakatangi	most special
pinakatanging	most unique
pinakatanglaw	brightest
pinakatanyag	most famous
pinakatapal	pinakatapal
pinakatatak	most famous
pinakatiktik	most detective
pinakatimbang	for the site
pinakatinapay	best bread
pinakatipan	best friend
pinakatipang	most important
pinakatiyan	stomach
pinakatubos	most redeeming
pinakatukod	most established
pinakatuntunin	most important rule
pinakatupang	the youngest
pinakatuso	most clever
pinakatuya	most mocking
pinakaugat	root
pinakaulan	the rainiest
pinakauna	very first
pinakaunahan	foremost
pinakaunang	very first
pinakawalan	released
pinakawalang	most released
pinakawasak	most devastated
pinakawatawat	most welcome
pinakialaman	tampered with
pinakiapiran	adulterous
pinakikidlat	lightning
pinakikinabang	beneficial
pinakikinabangan	beneficial
pinakikinabangang	beneficial
pinakikinang	shining
pinakikinggan	listened to
pinakikipagkitaan	meeting
pinakikipamayanan	community
Pinakikislap	Glittering
pinakikitaan	being shown
pinakikitahanan	being shown
pinakikitunguhan	being treated
pinakilos	mobilized
pinakinabangan	benefited
pinakinang	polished
pinakinggan	listened to
pinakinggang	listened to
pinakintab	polished
pinakipagkasundo	reconciled
pinakipagtipanan	made an appointment
pinakipagusapan	discussed
pinakipamayanan	community
pinakita	shown
pinakitaan	shown
pinakitunguhan	treated
pinakitunguhang	treated
pinakiusapan	requested
pinakiusapang	requested
pinakuan	nailed
pinakubli	concealed
pinakuha	taken
pinakukulo	boiled
pinakukundanganan	respected
pinakulong	imprisoned
pinakuluan	boiled
pinakundanganan	respected
pinalabas	released
pinalabo	obscured
pinalad	lucky
pinalaganap	disseminated
pinalagay	assumed
pinalago	grown
pinalagong	grown
pinalagpak	dismissed
pinalagpas	missed
pinalagpasan	pierced
pinalagyan	placed
pinalakad	made to walk
pinalakas	strengthened
pinalaki	enlarged
pinalaking	exaggerated
pinalakol	chopped
pinalala	aggravated
pinalalabas	being released
pinalalaganap	disseminated
pinalalagi	kept
pinalalagpak	applauded
pinalalagpas	being missed
pinalalagyan	placed
pinalalakad	being walked
pinalalakas	strengthened
pinalalaki	exaggerated
pinalalambot	softened
pinalalampas	being passed over
pinalalangoy	swimming
pinalalapit	causest
Pinalalaya	Freed
pinalalayas	being expelled
pinalalim	deepened
pinalalo	exaggerated
pinalampas	missed
pinalamutian	decorated
pinalamutihan	decorated
Pinalapad	Expanded
pinalapag	landed
pinalapit	brought closer
pinalasap	flavored
pinalawak	expanded
pinalawit	hanging
pinalaya	released
pinalayas	expelled
pinalayaw	spoiled
pinalayo	moved away
pinalibutan	surrounded
pinaligid	surrounded
pinaligiran	surrounded
pinaliguan	bathed
pinalihis	deflected
pinaliit	reduced
pinaliko	turned
pinaliku	twisted
pinalilibutan	surrounded
Pinaliligaya	Happy
pinaliligiran	surrounded
pinaliligtas	being rescued
pinaliliit	reduced
pinalilitaw	is being brought out
pinaliliwanag	explaining
pinaliliyaban	being lit
pinalinis	cleaned
pinalipad	flown
pinalipas	passed
pinalipat	transferred
pinalitan	replaced
pinalitaw	triggered
pinaliwanagan	enlightened
pinalo	beaten
pinalong	extinguished
pinalubog	submerged
pinaluhod	kneeling
pinalulan	loaded
pinalulukso	being jumped
pinalulumbay	depressed
pinalulundag	jumping
pinalumbay	depressed
pinalungkot	saddened
pinalusob	attacked
pinalusong	was sent
pinalutang	floated
pinaluwa	spit out
pinaluwalhati	glorified
Pinaluwang	Expanded
pinamagatan	titled
pinamagatang	titled
pinamahala	managed
pinamahalaan	managed
pinamalagi	preserved
pinamalaging	permanent
pinamamahala	managed
pinamamahalaan	managed
pinamamahalaang	managed
pinamamahayan	inhabited
pinamamanhikan	begging
pinamamasdan	being watched
pinamanahan	inherited
Pinamanglaw	Saddened
pinamanhikan	requested
pinamarisan	polished
pinamayanan	populated
pinamimilantik	whipping
pinamitas	picked up
pinamugaran	infested
pinamuhunan	invested
pinamulot	picked
Pinamuluputan	Mixed
pinamumugaran	infested
pinamumulahan	source
pinamumulaklak	blooming
pinamumulutan	being picked up
pinamumunuan	led
pinamuno	led
pinamunuan	led
pinamutasan	pierced
pinamutihan	embellished
pinana	shot
pinanabikan	longing for
pinanabog	scattered
pinanaghilian	envious
pinanaghuyan	lamented
Pinanalangin	Prayed for
pinanaligan	trusted
pinanalunan	won
Pinanambulat	Revealed
pinanamit	dressed
pinanampalatayanan	believed in
pinananabikan	longing for
pinananabog	scattered
pinananagana	abundant
pinananaghilian	jealousy
pinananahanan	inhabited
pinananaigan	prevailed
pinananaligan	relied on
pinananambitanan	requested
pinananatilihan	maintained
pinanangisan	mourned
pinanaog	descended
pinanatili	maintained
pinandirihan	confirmed
pinang	areca nut
pinangahasan	proposal
pinangahasang	dared
pinangakuan	promised
pinangakuang	promised
pinangalagaan	cared for
pinangalanan	named
pinangalanang	named
pinangalat	scattered
pinangalatan	scattered
pinangalumata	pinangalumata
pinanganakan	proposal
pinangangakuan	proposal
pinangangalat	scattered
pinangangalit	furious
Pinangangalumata	The love of the eyes
Pinangangalumatahan	Old age is being neglected
pinangangambahan	feared
pinangangapitan	proposal
pinangangaralan	preached
pinangangasiwaan	supervised
pinangangasiwaang	supervised
pinangangasuhan	foster care proposal
pinangangayupapa	proposal for marriage
pinanganlan	named
pinanganlang	named
pinanganlungan	proposal
pinangaralan	preached
pinangasiwaan	supervised
pinangaso	hunted
pinangayayat	slimmed down
pinangayupapa	thank you
pinangdidilatan	pinangdidilatan
pinanggagalingan	origin
pinanggalingan	origin
pinanghahawakan	held
pinanghihigantihan	repays
pinanghihigantihang	avenged
Pinanghihina	Weakened
pinanghihinaan	weakened
pinanghimagsikan	deeply
pinanghina	weakened
pinanghinaan	weakened
pinanghinayangan	regretted
pinanghuhulaan	whom
pinanghulaan	whom
pinangibahang	wherein
pinangilabot	intervened
pinangingibahang	preferred
pinangingilabot	terrified
pinangingilabutan	pinangingilabutan
pinangisay	scolded
pinanglulupaypayan	discouraged
pinanglupaypay	weakened
pinangunahan	led
pinangungunahan	led
pinangyarihan	scene
pinanhik	climbed
Pinanibugho	Jealous
pinaningasan	ignited
pinaninindigan	affirmed
pinaniningasan	ignited
pinaniniwalaan	believed
pinaniniwalaang	believed to be
pinanipis	thinned
pinaniwalaan	believed
pinaniwalaang	believed
Pinanlupaypay	Faint
pinanonood	being watched
Pinanood	Watched
pinansin	ignored
pinanukala	proposed
pinanukalang	proposed
Pinanumbalik	Restored
pinanumpa	sworn
pinanumpaang	sworn
pinanumpang	cursed
pinanunuluyanan	being hosted
pinapaalagaan	being cared for
pinapaalala	reminding
pinapaalalahanan	reminded
pinapaalam	saying goodbye
pinapaalis	being dismissed
Pinapaasa	Hopeful
pinapaatras	being pushed back
Pinapaayos	Under repair
pinapabalik	being returned
pinapabayaan	neglected
pinapabayaang	neglected
pinapabigat	burdened
pinapabigyan	granted
pinapabili	for sale
pinapaboran	favored
pinapadagundong	thunderous
pinapadaloy	being conducted
pinapadpad	being pushed
pinapag	made
pinapagaalab	inflame
pinapagaasawa	married
pinapagalab	incited
pinapagalaw	moved
pinapagaling	being cured
pinapaganda	being improved
pinapagapas	being mowed
pinapagaral	being taught
pinapagasawa	being married off
pinapagatag	stabilized
pinapagbabago	being changed
pinapagbago	being changed
pinapagbalik	restored
pinapagbanal	sanctified
pinapagdaan	signed
pinapagdalawang	doubled
pinapagdamdam	offended
pinapagdilim	darkened
pinapaghanda	being prepared
pinapaghilom	being cured
pinapaghinagpis	saddened
pinapaghirap	made miserable
pinapaghiwalay	separated
pinapagiging	being made
pinapagiingat	being kept
pinapagiinit	heated
pinapaging	made into
pinapagingbanal	sanctified
pinapagkasala	accused
pinapagkatuwa	delighted
pinapagkitaan	being shown
pinapagkusa	initiated
pinapagkuwintas	being strung together
pinapaglihi	conceived
pinapaglikat	being entertained
pinapaglilikat	being dismissed
pinapaglilingkod	being served
pinapaglingkod	served
pinapagmadali	hastened
Pinapagmamaganak	Giving birth
pinapagmamatigas	hardened
pinapagmataas	being praised
pinapagmatigas	hardened
pinapagmunimuni	pondered
pinapagningas	lit
pinapagniningas	ignited
pinapagod	tired
pinapagpaalam	saying goodbye
pinapagpag	shaken
pinapagpahuli	being delayed
pinapagpakumbaba	humbled
pinapagpapahinga	resting
pinapagpapakumbaba	humbled
pinapagpapatay	killing
pinapagpauna	prioritized
pinapagpisang	being crushed
pinapagpulong	meeting
pinapagpuno	filled
pinapagpupuno	being filled
pinapagputik	muddied
pinapagsalita	spoken
pinapagsama	combined
pinapagsasalita	being spoken
pinapagsaysay	narrated
pinapagsugpong	grafted
pinapagtagumpay	successful
pinapagtapattapat	being made to believe
pinapagtataglay	possessed
pinapagtatagumpay	making successful
pinapagtibay	approved
Pinapagtiisan	Enduring
pinapagtrabaho	employed
pinapagupitan	getting a haircut
pinapahalagahan	appreciated
pinapahalagahang	valued
pinapahanga	impressed
pinapaharap	being presented
pinapahimlay	laid down
Pinapahina	Weakened
pinapahintulutan	permitted
pinapahiran	being anointed
pinapahirapan	tortured
pinapahiya	humiliated
pinapailaw	illuminated
Pinapainit	Heating
pinapainom	giving water
pinapait	bitter
pinapakain	fed
pinapakialaman	tampered with
pinapakinabangan	benefiting
pinapakinggan	listening
pinapakisamahan	being accompanied
pinapakiusapan	requested
pinapakuan	nailed
pinapakuluan	boiled
pinapakumbaba	humbled
Pinapalabas	Showing
pinapalakas	strengthened
pinapalamutian	decorated
pinapalawak	expanding
pinapalaya	being released
pinapalayas	being evicted
pinapalibutan	surrounded
pinapaligiran	surrounded
pinapalis	being removed
pinapalitan	being replaced
Pinapaliwanagan	Explaining
pinapalo	being beaten
pinapamahala	managed
pinapamahalaan	managed
pinapamuhay	living
pinapana	shot
pinapanabikan	excited
pinapanaghoy	lamented
pinapanagot	held accountable
pinapanahanan	inhabited
pinapanaligan	trusted
pinapananauli	being restored
pinapanangis	made to cry
pinapanaog	descending
pinapanatili	maintained
pinapanayo	being asked
pinapangahan	branched
Pinapangahasan	Daredevil
pinapangahasang	dared
pinapangalat	scattered
pinapangalatan	scattered
pinapanganakan	being born
pinapangangalat	scattered
Pinapanganganak	Birthing
pinapangaralan	preached
pinapangarap	dreaming
pinapangatal	shaking
pinapanghihina	weakened
pinapanghina	weakened
pinapangibabaw	dominated
pinapanginain	grazed
pinapangingibabaw	dominated
pinapanginginain	being grazed
pinapanginoon	lorded over
pinapangisay	being told
pinapanglaw	saddened
pinapanglumo	depressed
pinapanglupaypay	weakened
pinapangumbaba	humiliated
pinapangunahan	led
pinapangyari	caused
pinapanigan	biased
pinapaniwala	convinced
pinapaniwalaan	believed
pinapansin	paying attention
pinapantay	equalized
pinapanumbalik	being restored
pinapanumpa	sworn
pinapanunumpa	sworn
pinapapagaasawa	getting married
Pinapapasok	Entering
pinapapili	being chosen
pinapapunta	sent
pinaparaan	being passed
pinaparangalan	honored
pinaparatangan	accused
Pinaparito	Sending
pinaparituhan	invited
pinaparoon	sent there
pinaparoonan	going there
pinaparoonang	going there
pinaparunan	being visited
pinaparusahan	being punished
Pinapasabi	Telling
pinapasahod	paid
pinapasalamatan	thanked
Pinapasama	Degrading
pinapasan	carried
pinapasariwa	refreshing
pinapasikat	popularized
pinapaslang	being murdered
pinapaso	being burned
pinapasok	admitted
pinapaspas	speeding up
pinapastol	shepherded
pinapastulan	being grazed
pinapasukan	employed
pinapasuko	subjugated
pinapasunod	ordered
pinapasuso	breastfeeding
pinapataba	fattening
pinapatag	flattened
pinapatahimik	silenced
pinapatak	dripped
pinapatakas	being evacuated
pinapatalo	being defeated
pinapatamaan	being hit
pinapataniman	cultivated
pinapatawad	forgiven
pinapatay	being killed
pinapatibay	being strengthened
pinapatid	kicked
Pinapatigil	Stopping
Pinapatira	Relocation
pinapatnubayan	guided
pinapatnubayang	guided
pinapatotohanan	being verified
pinapatotohanang	attested
pinapatugtog	being played
pinapatulong	asking for help
pinapatunayan	proving
pinapatunog	being sounded
pinapatuyo	dried
pinapaulanan	raining
pinapaunlad	being developed
Pinapaupo	Seated
pinapauwi	being sent home
pinapawalang	being written off
pinapawi	being erased
pinapayagan	allowed
pinapayagang	allowed
pinapayaman	enriching
pinapayapa	pacified
Pinapayat	Slimming
pinapayuhan	advised
pinapili	chosen
pinaplano	planned
pinaplanong	planned
pinapugutan	beheaded
pinapuksa	destroyed
pinapulang	reddened
pinapunta	sent
pinapuntahan	sent to
pinapupunta	sent
pinapupurihan	praised
pinapurihan	praised
pinaputi	whitened
pinaputing	whitened
pinaputol	cut off
pinaputungan	crowned
pinapwesto	placed
pinaraan	method
pinaram	pinaram
pinarami	multiplied
pinaramtan	clothed
pinaranas	experienced
pinarangal	pinarangal
pinarangalan	honored
pinarangalang	honored
pinararaan	passing by
pinararaanan	passing through
pinararami	multiplied
pinararamtan	being dressed
pinararangalan	honored
pinararangalang	honored
pinararatangan	accused
pinararating	being conveyed
pinaratangan	accused
pinarating	delivered
pinarisan	paired
pinaroonan	went there
pinaroroonan	destination
pinartihan	party
pinarumi	Pinarumi
Pinarunong	Wise
pinarurumi	Pinarurumi
pinarurusahan	being punished
pinarusahan	punished
pinasa	passed
pinasabihan	informed
pinasadya	customized
pinasagana	abound
pinasagasaan	run over
pinasakay	given a ride
pinasakdal	perfected
pinasakop	subordinated
pinasalakay	attacked
pinasalamatan	thanked
pinasama	corrupted
pinasamahan	accompanied
pinasamba	worshipped
pinasampa	filed
pinasan	carried
pinasanan	burdened
pinasapit	brought to
pinasasabsab	fed
pinasasakahan	cultivated
pinasasakay	being given a ride
pinasasakdal	being perfected
pinasasakitan	being tortured
pinasasalakay	being attacked
pinasasalamatan	grateful
pinasasalangsang	being violated
pinasasama	being harmed
pinasasamahan	accompanied
pinasasamba	worshipped
pinasasaya	entertaining
pinasaya	cheered up
pinasibulan	sprouted
pinasigla	stimulated
pinasilong	sheltered
pinasimulan	initiated
pinasimulang	initiated
pinasiping	quoted
pinasipingan	side by side
pinasisibulan	sprouting
pinasisikat	promoted
pinasisilang	being born
Pinasisimulan	Getting started
pinasisinungalingan	denied
pinasiyahan	decided
pinasiyahang	decided
pinaslang	murdered
pinasok	entered
pinaspas	whipped
pinasuguan	sent
pinasukan	entered
pinasuko	subdued
pinasulat	written
pinasulong	Advanced
pinasumpa	swear
pinasumpong	granted
pinasundan	followed
pinasunod	ordered
pinasunog	burned
pinasuotan	dressed
pinasuray	staggered
pinasuso	breastfed
pinasusuko	surrendered
pinasusumpa	being sworn
pinasususo	breastfed
pinasususong	nursing
pinataas	increased
Pinataasan	Increased
pinataba	fattened
pinatabang	fertilized
Pinatabunan	Overshadowed
pinatago	hidden
pinatagong	hidden
pinatahan	settled
pinatahimik	silenced
pinatakas	escaped
pinatakbo	operated
pinatakpan	covered
pinatalikod	turned away
pinatalim	sharpened
pinatalon	made to jump
pinatambakan	docked
pinatambang	ambushed
pinatanda	aged
pinataniman	planted
Pinatanyag	Popularized
pinatapang	bold
pinatataba	fattened
pinatatag	strengthened
pinatatagal	delayed
pinatatahan	inhabited
pinatatahimik	silenced
pinatatakan	sealed
pinatatakpan	covered up
pinatatalas	sharpening
pinatatalikod	being turned away
pinatatamaan	being targeted
pinatatangotango	pinatatangotango
pinatatatag	being strengthened
pinatatawad	forgiven
Pinatawa	Made fun of
pinatawad	forgiven
pinatawag	summoned
pinatawan	imposed
pinatawid	crossed
pinatay	killed
pinatayo	erected
pinatayuan	standing
pinatibay	strengthened
pinatid	torn
pinatigas	hardened
pinatigil	stopped
pinatikom	pinatick
pinatindi	intensified
pinatingkad	highlighted
pinatingnan	asked to see
pinatipon	gathered
pinatira	settled
pinatirhan	inhabited
pinatitibay	being strengthened
pinatitigas	harden
pinatitigil	being stopped
pinatitirhan	inhabited
pinatiwala	entrusted
pinatnubayan	guided
pinatnugutan	edited
pinatotohanan	confirmed
pinatototohanan	attested
pinatototohanang	attested
pinatubo	grown
pinatugtog	played
pinatulo	dripped
pinatulog	put to sleep
Pinatulong	Helped
pinatuloy	continued
pinatumbaʼt	knocked down
pinatunayan	proven
pinatunayang	proven
pinatungan	overwritten
pinatunguhan	destination
pinatunog	sounded
pinatutubigan	irrigated
pinatutubo	grown
pinatutubuan	growing
pinatutulo	drip
pinatutulog	put to sleep
Pinatutuloy	Continuing
pinatutunayan	proving
pinatutunayang	proving
pinatutunog	being sounded
pinatutuwid	being corrected
pinatutuyong	dried
pinatuyo	dried
pinatuyong	dried
pinaukitan	pinaukitan
pinaulan	made it rain
pinaulanan	rained
pinaulanan 	rained 
pinauna	prioritized
Pinaunawa	Made to understand
pinaunlad	developed
pinaunlakan	welcomed
pinaupahan	rented
pinaupo	seated
pinaupong	seated
pinaurong	drove
Pinausukan	Smoked
pinautang	loaned
pinauuga	shaken
pinauukitan	engraved
pinauulan	it rains
pinauulanan	it is raining
pinauupahan	for rent
pinauuwi	being sent home
pinauwi	sent home
pinauwing	sent home
pinawalaang	abandoned
pinawalan	released
pinawalang	dismissed
pinawawalan	released
pinawawalang	omitted
pinawi	erased
Pinayabong	Cultivated
pinayagan	allowed
pinayagang	allowed
pinayaman	enriched
pinayaon	released
pinayaong	released
pinayapa	pacified
pinayayamang	enriched
pinayayaon	sent away
pinayuhan	advised
pinayuhang	advised
pinayukod	bowed down
pinayuyukod	bowed down
pine	pine
pingga	lever
pinggan	dish
pinggang	waist
pingkaw	ping pong
pingkian	friction
pingkiang	small
pingol	ping
pinid	closed
piniga	squeezed
pinigang	pinigang
pinighati	pinighati
pinigil	detained
pinigilan	suppressed
piniit	pressed
pinilayan	crippled
pinili	chosen
piniling	chosen
pinilipit	twisted
pinilit	forced
pininsala	damaged
pininturahan	painted
pinipi	pressed
pinipig	suppressed
pinipiga	squeezed
pinipighati	oppressed
pinipigil	being held back
pinipigilan	prevented
pinipilayan	crippled
pinipili	chosen
pinipilipit	twisting
pinipilit	forced
pinipinsala	being harmed
pinipintasan	criticized
pinipinturahan	being painted
pinipira	broken
pinipisa	hatching
pinipisan	gathered
pinipisil	squeezed
pinipita	asked
pinipitang	requested
pinipitas	picked
Pinira	Punished
piniringan	blindfolded
pinirito	fried
pinirmahan	signed
pinisa	crushed
pinisan	gathered
pinisil	squeezed
pinising	broken
pinitas	picked
pinitpit	squeezed
pinkian	pinkian
pinkiang	pink
pino	pino
Pinon	Stack
pinong	delicate
pinoprotektahan	protected
pinsala	damage
pinsalain	damage
pinsalang	damage
pinsalaʼy	damage is
pinsan	cousin
pinsang	cousin
pinta	surface
pintang	painting
pintasan	shortcut
pinto	door
pintong	door
pintua	door
pintuan	door
pintuan 	door 
pintuang	door
pintuangbayan	gate
pintuangdaan	gate
pintura	paint
pinugnaw	consumed
pinugot	cut
pinugutan	beheaded
pinuhunan	invest
pinukaw	inspired
pinukpok	beaten
pinuksa	destroyed
pinulaan	reproached
pinulbos	fine-ground
pinulong	meeting
pinulot	picked up
pinuluputan	robbed
pinuna	criticized
pinunan	filled
pinunasan	wiped
pinung	refined
pinunit	torn
pinuno	leader
pinuno 	leader 
pinunong	leader
pinunoʼy	leader
pinunta	went
pinuntahan	went to
pinuntirya	targeted
pinunu	pinunu
pinupugaran	infested
pinupugnaw	being consumed
pinupukaw	provoked
pinupukpok	beating
pinupuksa	exterminated
pinupulaan	criticized
pinupulbos	pulverized
pinupulon	being gathered
pinupulot	picking up
pinupuluputan	tangled
pinupuna	criticizing
pinupunan	filling
pinupunit	tearing
pinupuno	filling
pinupuntahan	destination
pinupupog	being pruned
pinupuri	praising
pinupuri 	praising 
pinuputol	cutting
pinuputulan	being cut
pinuputungan	crowned
pinupuyat	being kept awake
pinuri	praised
pinuspos	filled
pinuti	sword
pinutol	cut off
pinutulan	cut off
pinutungan	crowned
pinuwangan	empty
pinuwersa	forced
pipi	cheek
pipigain	to squeeze
pipighati	pipighati
pipighatiin	to pipighat
pipigil	will stop
pipigilan	will be stopped
pipigilang	will be prevented
pipigilin	will be stopped
pipihit	will turn
Pipilay	Afraid
pipilayan	hough
pipilayin	hamstring
pipili	will choose
pipiliin	to choose
pipilipitin	will be twisted
pipilit	force
pipilitin	will be forced
pipiliting	will be forced
piping	piping
pipingusin	pipingusin
pipino	cucumber
pipinsala	pipinsala
pipinsalain	pipinsalain
pipinturahan	to be painted
Pipira	Pepper
pipisanin	to separate
pipisaning	separation
pipitas	to pick
pipitasan	flushing
pipitasin	to be plucked
pipitasing	pipitasing
pipitong	pipitong
pipiʼt	sparrow
pira	pira
Piram	Pyramid
piraso	piece
pirasong	piece
pirasuhin	slice
Pirathonita	Pirathonita
Piraton	Pirate
Piratonita	Pirathonite
Piream	Piream
piring	plate
pirmihang	permanent
Pirro	Pirro
pisaan	press
pisaang	pizza
pisain	pisain
pisanin	Pisan
Pisga	Pisgah
Pisgah	Pisgah
Pishon	Pishon
pisi	lanyard
Pisidia	Pisidia
pisikal	physical
pising	string
pisngi	cheek
pisnging	cheek
piso	floor
Pison	Pison
Pispa	Pispa
pista	track
pistahan	feast
pistang	festival
pistasyo	clues
pita	pita
pitagan	respect
pitahin	ask
pitak	square
pitaka	purse
pitang	pitang
pitas	ribbon
pitasan	pitasana
pitasin	pick
pito	edge
Pitom	Tame
Piton	Python
pitong	seven
pitongpu	seventy
pitongpung	seventy
pitoʼt	pitoʼt
pitpitin	pitpitin
pitsel	pitcher
pitso	call
pitumpu	seventy
pitumpung	seventy
piyansa	bail
piyer	pier
piyesa	parts
planggana	basin
planggana 	basin 
Plangganang	bowls
plano	flat
planong	plan
Planuhin	Plan
plasa	place
platano	plane tree
Plataporma	podium
platero	silversmith
platerong	platerong
plato	plato
platong	plate
plauta	flute
Pleyade	Pleyade
Pleyades	Pleyades
plinano	planned
plinanong	planned
plural	plural
po	after
po 	after 
Pochereth	Pochereth
poder	can
pohas	Poems
poka	hole
pomegranata	pomegranate
pompiyang	pompiyang
pompyang	cymbal
Poncio	Pontius
pondo	fund
pong	pong
Ponto	Point
Pontus	Pontus
pook	place
poot	hatred
Poprotektahan	Will protect
populasyon	population
Porata	Drill
Porcio	Portion
Porcius	Porcius
porfido	porphyry
porsiyento	percent
portiko	porch
portikong	portico king
posas	handcuffs
posible	possible
posibleng	possible
posisyon	position
poste	later
posteng	post
postura	posture
Potifar	Potiphar
Potifera	Potiphar
Potiphar	Potiphar
Potiphera	Potiphar
poʼt	poʼt
poʼy	poʼy
premyo	prize
preno	brake
presbitero	presbyter
presensya	presence
presilya	loops
presilyang	loops
presyo	price
pretorio	praetorium
pribilehiyong	privilege
Principe	Principle
prinsesa	princess
prinsesang	princess
prinsipe	prince
prinsipeng	princely
prinsipyo	principle
Prisca	Prisca
Priscila	Priscilla
probinsya	province
probinsya 	province 
probinsyang	provincial
problema	problem
proconsul	proconsul
Procoro	I am asking.
Procorus	Procorus
produkto	product
profeta	prophet
proklamasyon	proclamation
propesiya	prophecy
propesiyang	prophecy
propeta	prophet
propeta 	prophet 
propetang	prophet
propetaʼy	prophet
propetisa	prophesies
prostitusyon	prostitution
proteksyon	protection
proteksyunan	to protect
protektado	protected
protektahan	protect
proyekto	PROJECT
prutas	fruit
pu	could
Pua	Flowers
Puanita	Lady
publiko	public
Publio	Publius
Publius	Publius
Pudens	Shameful
Pudente	Good
pudpod	blunt
puero	to a boy
pugad	nest
pugante	fugitive
pugnawin	pugnawin
pugo	quail
pugon	furnace
pugong	stays
pugutan	behead
pugutin	pugutin
puhunan	investment
puin	debris
pukawin	stir up
puknat	puss
pukol	morning
pukpok	blow
puksain	destroy
pukyutan	bee
pukyutang	honey
Pul	Money
pula	also
pulang	go home
pulgada	inch
pulgas	fleas
pulis	police
pulo	island
pulong	MEETING
pulos	purely
pulot	honey
pulotpukyutan	honey
pulpitong	pulpitong
pulsera	bracelet
pulseras	BRACELET
pulu	money
pulubi	beggar
pulubing	beggar
puluhan	dozens
pulungin	gather
pulupulutong	coat
pulutin	collect
pulutong	crowd
pulutung	gluttony
pumadyak	stomp
pumagaspas	to scold
pumagitan	intervene
pumagitna	mediate
pumailanlang	soar
pumait	become bitter
pumaitaas	rise
Pumakanluran	Go west
pumakpak	clap
pumalakpak	applaud
pumalaot	go out
pumalibot	surround
pumaligid	surround
pumaling	turn
pumalit	take over
pumalya	fail
pumana	shoot
pumanatag	calm
pumanaw	passed away
pumanglaw	become poor
pumanhik	climb up
pumanig	take sides
pumansin	pay attention
pumapagaspas	rough
pumapaibabaw	rising
pumapailalim	subject
pumapailanlang	soaring
pumapaitaas	lifted
pumapalakol	chopping
pumapalakpak	clapping
pumapalit	REPLACES
pumapalo	beating
pumapana	pumapana
pumapanaw	passing away
pumapangalawa	second place
pumapanhik	ascending
pumapanig	taking sides
pumapansin	paying attention
pumaparito	coming
pumaparitong	coming
pumaparoon	coming
pumapasan	bear
pumapasok	entering
pumapatag	he who
pumapatak	dripping
pumapatay	killing
pumapatnubay	guiding
pumapawi	eliminates
pumapayag	agreeable
pumapayapa	peaceful
pumapayat	losing weight
pumapayo	advising
pumarada	park
pumarini	pomarina
pumaris	pumaris
pumarito	come here
pumaritong	come
pumariyan	come there
pumariyang	come
pumaroon	go there
pumaroong	go there
pumarooʼt	go there
pumasan	pass
pumasilangan	go east
pumaslang	murder
pumasok	enter
pumatag	level
pumatak	drip
pumatay	kill
pumatnubay	guide
pumatnugot	edit
pumatungo	to breathe
pumayag	agree
pumayapa	calm down
pumayo	I'm sorry.
pumighati	pumighati
pumighating	Pumighating
pumigil	prevent
pumihit	turn
pumilansik	spark
pumilas	tear apart
pumili	choose
pumilipit	twist
puminsala	damage
Pumipiga	Squeezing
pumipighati	distressing
pumipigil	preventing
pumipihit	twisting
Pumipila	Queuing
pumipili	selective
pumipilit	force
pumipisa	hatching
pumipisan	gather
pumipitas	pick
pumirma	sign
pumisan	gather
pumitas	pick
pumugnaw	devoured
pumuksa	exterminate
pumula	red
pumulot	pick up
pumulupot	curl up
pumuno	fill
pumunta	go
Pumunta 	Go 
pumuntang	go
pumupugnaw	is dying
pumupukpok	beating
pumupuksa	exterminator
pumupulupot	coiling
pumupuna	criticizes
pumupuno	filling
pumupunta	going
pumupuri	praising
pumupurol	dull
pumupuspos	filling
pumuputi	whitening
pumuputok	bursting
pumuputol	cutting
pumuri	praise
pumurol	hill
pumuti	turn white
pumuting	turn white
pumutla	pumutla
pumutok	blow
pumutol	cut
pumuwesto	take a position
pumwesto	take a seat
puna	spring
punahin	criticize
punan	fill
pundasyon	foundation
pundasyong	foundation
pung	surge
pungay	hump
punit	torn
punitin	tear
punla	seedling
puno	a lot
punô	full
Punon	It works.
punong	chief
punongkahoy	tree
punoʼy	full
puntahan	go to
puntiryahan	target
punto	point
puntod	grave
punuin	fill
punung	full
punyal	dagger
pupugnaw	will burn
pupugnawin	pupugnawin
pupugutan	will be beheaded
pupugutin	will be cut
pupukaw	will arouse
pupukawin	to stir up
pupukpukin	to beat
pupuksa	destroy
pupuksain	destroy
pupuksaing	destructive
pupula	bright
pupulang	Pupulang
pupulbusin	bunny
Pupulungin	Gather
pupulutin	will be picked up
pupunahin	to criticize
pupunan	to be filled
Pupunasan	Wipe
pupunitin	will be torn
pupunta	going
pupuntahan	destination
pupunuin	will be filled
pupupugin	pupupugin
pupuri	hold
pupurihi	pussies
pupurihin	to praise
pupurihin 	to praise 
pupurihing	keep quiet
Pupuspusin	Bunny bag
puputi	turn white
puputok	will explode
puputol	will cut
puputulan	to be cut off
puputulin	will be cut
Puputulin 	Will be cut off 
puputuling	will be circumcised
puputungan	to be crowned
pur	even though
Pura	Temple
puri	puri
purihin	praise
purihin 	praise 
purihing	praise
Purim	Purim
puring	praise
puro	pure
purok	district
purong	pure
purpura	purpura
purpurang	purple
pusa	box
pusali	pusali
pusikit	close your eyes
puso	heart
pusod	navel
pusok	my heart
pusong	heart
pusoʼt	pusoʼt
pusoʼy	half
puspos	full
puspus	clubs
puspusan	full-fledged
puspusang	full
puspusin	fill up
pusungin	dizzy
Put	Put
putahe	dish
putahing	dish
putakti	wasp
putakting	wasp
Puteo	I think
Puteoli	Puteoli
puti	white
Putiel	Putiel
putihin	white
putik	mud
putikan	mud
puting	white
Putita	Little whore
putla	pale
putlang	pale
putok	explosion
putokputok	corrupt
putol	cut
putolputol	pieces
putong	crown
putul	shaft
putulin	cut off
putungan	verdict
puwang	space
Puwede	Can
puwedeng	can
puwesto	place
puwing	dust
puwit	butt
puwitan	butt
puyo	POUCH
pwede	okay
pwedeng	can
pwersa	forces
pwesto	place
Pyrhus	Pyrrhus
Qof	Someone
Quartus	Fourth
Quelion	Quelion
Quemos	We want
Quenaana	Quenaana
Quenanias	Quenanias
Queretita	Queretita
querubin	cherubim
querubing	querubing
Quidon	Quidon
Quileab	Quileab
quimam	who
Quio	Because
Quirinio	Quirinius
Quirinius	Quirinius
Quisi	I wanted
raa	raa
Raama	Light
Raamias	In Ramia
Raamses	In the frame
raan	hundred
raang	hundred
Rab	Rab
Raba	Share
Rabba	Rabbi
Rabba 	Rabbi 
Rabbath	Rabbath
Rabbi	Rabbi
Rabbit	Rabbit
Rabboni	The Rabbi
Rabi	Half
Rabim	I need
Rabit	Contact
Rabmag	Rabmag
Raboni	Raboni
Rabsaces	Rabshakeh
Rabsaris	Rabsaris
Raca	Rack
Racal	Racal
Racat	breeds
Raccath	Raccath
Raccon	Tale
Rachal	Rachel
Rachel	Rachel
Racma	Racma
Racon	Racon
Radai	Found
rafa	rafa
Rafamita	Rephaim
ragasa	passionate
Rahab	Rahab
Raham	Mercy
Rakat	Rakat
Rakem	Rakem
Rakon	Bladder
Rama	Rama
Ramat	Ramat
Ramataim	Ramataim
Ramath	Ramath
Ramatha	Ramatha
Ramathaim	Ramathaim
Ramathita	Ramathita
Ramathmizpe	Ramathmizpe
Rameses	Rameses
Rameth	Rameth
rami	rami
Ramia	Calm
Ramias	Calm
raming	estimate
ramo	branch
Ramot	Ramoth
Ramoth	Ramoth
rapha	rapha
Raphael	Raphael
Raphaim	Raphaim
Raphu	Raphu
Raquel	Rachel
rasyon	ration
rati	rati
rating	rating
raw	raw
rayos	good heavens
Reaia	Reaia
Reaias	Raia
reaksiyon	REACTIONS
real	real
Reaya	To the subjects
Reba	Reba
Rebeca	Rebecca
Rebecca	Rebecca
Rebeka	Rebecca
rebelde	rebel
rebeldeng	rebel
rebelyon	rebellion
Reboam	Reboam
rebulto	statue
rebultong	statue
Reca	Reca
Recab	Recab
Recabita	Recabita
Recaia	Relapse
Recem	Recently
Recha	Recha
Rechab	Rechab
Rechabita	Rehab
Recoem	Recoem
reed	reed
Reelaias	Reelaiah
Reelaya	Reel
Reelias	Reelias
Refa	Size
Refael	Refael
Refaias	Repairs
Refaim	Rephaim
Refaimeo	Rephaim
Refaita	Giants
Refan	Refan
Refaya	Refrain
Refidim	Refidim
regalo	gift
regalo 	gift 
regalong	gift
regaluhan	give as a gift
Regan	Regan
Regem	King
Regemmelec	Regemmelec
Regio	Region
Regium	Royal
regla	ruler
regulasyon	REGULATIONS
Rehabia	Rehabia
Rehabias	Rehabias
Rehaia	Which one?
rehas	railing
rehiyon	regions
rehob	renovation
Rehob 	Rehob 
Rehoboam	Rehoboam
Rehobot	Rehoboth
Rehoboth	Rehoboth
Rehobotir	Rehobothir
Rehuel	Rehuel
Rehum	Rehum
Rei	King
Reihi	Race
reina	queen
reinang	reinang
Rekem	Rekem
reklamo	complaint
reklamong	complaint
reklamuhan	advertising
rekomendasyon	RECOMMENDATION
relasyon	relationship
religioso	religious
relihion	religion
relihioso	religious
relihiyon	religion
relihiyong	religious
relihiyoso	RELIGIOUS
relihiyosong	RELIGIOUS
Remalia	Rheumatism
Remalias	Romelia
Remet	Hands over
Remon	Remon
renda	income
rendahan	lowly
Renfan	Renfan
renta	rent
Repaias	REPHAIAH
Repha	Repha
Rephaia	Rephaiah
Rephaias	Rephaias
Rephaim	Rephaim
Rephidim	Rephidim
Reporma	Reform
Repormang	Reform
reputasyon	reputation
Requem	Request
Resa	Trip
Resef	Resef
Resen	Serious
Reseph	Reseph
reserbang	reserve
Resh	Resh
Reshef	Reshef
Resia	Resia
Resin	Resin
respeto	I respect
responsable	responsible
responsibilidad	responsibility
Ressen	Ressen
resulta	result
Reu	Reu
Reuben	Reuben
Reuel	Reuel
Reuma	Rheumatism
reyna	try
reynang	queen
Rezef	Rezef
Rezeph	Rezeph
Rezin	Rubber
Rezon	Reason
ri	ri
Ribai	Ribai
ribete	border
Ribla	Rib'lah
Rifat	Rifat
rikit	rick
rim	rim
rimmon	rimmon
Rimmono	Rimmono
rimon	rhyme
Rimon 	Rimon 
Rimono	Lemon
rin	also
Rina	Rina
ring	ring
rini	rini
Rinna	Faith
Riphath	Riphath
Risa	Risa
risathaim	risathaim
Rishataim	Rishtaim
Rispa	Rispa
Rissa	Brawl
Ritma	Rhythm
rito	here
ritong	here
ritoʼy	here
rituwal	ritual
ritwal	ritual
riyan	there
riyang	riyang
Rizia	Rizia
Rizpa	Rizpah
ro	ro
roble	oak
Roboam	Rehoboam
rod	rod
Roda	Wheel
Rodanim	Native
Rodas	Rhodes
Rode	Rode
Rodes	Wheels
Roga	Roga
rogel	rogel
Rogelim	Rogelim
Rohga	To the Rohga
Rohobot	Rohobot
roi	roi
Roma	Rome
Romamti	Romamti
Romano	Romano
Romanong	Roman
roo	roo
roon	there
roong	there
rooʼy	rooʼy
Ros	Ros
rosa	rosa
rosas	rose
Rosh	Rosh
Ruben	Ruben
Rubenita	Reubenite
rubi	rubi
ruda	brown
Rueda	Wheel
Ruel	Ruel
Rufo	Red
Rufus	Rufus
ruhama	ruhama
Ruma	Room
rumaragasa	raging
rumaragasang	raging
rurok	peak
Rut	Rut
Ruth	Ruth
sa	on
sa 	on 
saa	weather
Saaf	Saaf
Saalabin	Salabin
Saalbim	Saalbim
Saalbin	Saalbin
Saalbon	Saalbon
Saalbonita	Salbonita
Saalim	Saleem
saan	where
saan 	where 
Saananim	Saananim
saang	where
saanman	anywhere
saanmang	anywhere
Saaph	Saaph
Saaraim	Saaraim
Saasgaz	Saasgaz
Saba	Saba
sabachtani	sabbathani
sabachthani	sabachthani
sabacthani	sabacthani
Sabad	Tails
Sabado	Saturday
sabagay	anyway
Saban	Saban
sabaw	soup
sabay	at the same time
Sabayan	Together
sabbath	sabbath
Sabea	Sabaa
Sabeo	Sabeo
Sabetai	Sabbats
Sabethai	Sabetai
sabi	said
sabihan	tell
sabihang	said
sabihi	say
sabihin	say
sabihing	say
sabik	eager
sabing	said
sabit	stable
sabitan	conviction
sabitang	hanging
sabon	new
sabsaban	manger
Sabta	understand
Sabteca	Sabteca
Sabtech	Sabtech
Sabtecha	Sabtecha
Sabtha	Sabtha
sabunan	soap
sabwatan	conspiracy
Sacar	Withdraw
Sachar	Sachar
Sachia	Sachia
Sachur	Sachur
Sadoc	Zadok
Sadrach	Shadrach
Saduceo	Sadducee
Saduceo 	Sadducee 
Saduseo	Sadducees
sadya	intentionally
sadyang	intentionally
Saf	Saf
Safam	I stood
Safan	Row
Safat	Safat
Safir	Sapphire
Safira	Sapphire
safiro	sapphire
safirong	safirong
safron	saffron
sagabal	obstacle
sagad	often
sagana	abundant
saganang	abundant
Sage	Sage
sagipin	rescue
sagisag	symbol
saglit	for a moment
sagot	answer
sagrado	sacred
sagradong	sacred
sagupaan	clash
sagut	gift
Sagutan	Answer
sagutang	answer
sagutin	answer
saguting	liability
saguwan	oars
sagwan	oar
sahaduta	martyr
sahar	sahar
Saharaim	Saharaim
Sahasim	Sahasim
Sahazuma	Sahazuma
sahig	floor
sahing	sahing
sahod	salary
sahuran	salary
sahurin	breakfast
sainyo	to you
saiyo	to you
Saje	Only
saka	of
sakahan	farm
sakahin	to cultivate
sakali	once
sakalin	strangle
sakaling	just in case
sakanila	to them
sakay	on board
sakayan	SHIP
sakbat	armor
sakbatan	armor
sakdal	perfect
Sakia	Sakia
sakim	greedy
sakit	Sick
sakit 	Sick 
sakitan	sick
sakitin	to hurt
saklap	keeping
saklaw	scope
saklolo	help
saklolohan	help
sakmalin	snatch
sakmaling	wrong
saknong	stanza
sako	says
sakong	HEEL
sakop	SUBJECTS
saksak	stab
saksakin	stab
saksi	witness
saksihan	witness
saksing	witness
saktan	hurt
sakuna	disaster
sakunang	disaster
sakupin	occupy
Sakut	Sick
sakyan	ride
sala	room
salaan	greetings
salabat	ginger
Salaf	Salaf
Salai	Smoked
salakayin	attack
salal	hello
salalhash	salalhash
salamangka	magic
salamangkang	greetings
salamangkero	shaman
salamangkerong	magic
salamat	thank you
salamin	mirror
Salamina	indefinitely
salaming	glasses
Salamis	Salamis
salang	sin
salangsangin	the next day
salantain	to be careful
Salaph	Salaph
salapi	CASH
salaping	money
salarin	culprit
salaring	damage
salasalabat	salasalab
salat	salad
Salathiel	Salathiel
Salatiel	Salathiel
salaulain	I encrypted
salawahang	salawahang
salawal	underpants
salawikain	proverb
salaysay	narrative
Salca	sauces
Salcha	Dirty
Saleca	Salty
Salem	Salem
sali	hall
salig	TRUST
saliga	oil
saligan	foundation
saligang	basic
saliksikin	research
Salim	Salim
salimot	thick
salimuot	complicated
salin	translation
salinan	copy
saling	each other
salinlahi	generation
salinlahing	generation
salisa	salisa
salisalimuot	thick
salit	word
salita	word
salitaan	talk
salitain	speak
salitaing	word
salitan	exchange
salitang	word
salitaʼy	the word is
saliw	accompaniment
saliwan	accompany
saliʼt	salit
Sallai	Sallai
Sallechet	Sallechet
Sallequet	Sallequet
Sallu	Hello
Sallum	Hello
Salma	Salma
Salmai	Salma
Salman	Salman
Salmanasar	salman asar
Salmaneser	Salmaneser
salmo	salmo
Salmon	Salmon
Salmona	Salmon
Salmone	Salmon
salo	style
salom	hello
Salome	Salome
Salomon	Salomon
Salomong	Solomon
salong	salon
saloobin	attitude
salop	salop
salot	plague
Salphaad	Salphaad
salpok	impulse
salterio	psalter
salteryo	salteryo
salu	island
salubungang	front door
salubungin	welcome
saluhan	share
saluhang	branch
saluhin	catch
salungat	contrary
salungatin	oppose
salutin	salutin
Sam	Alone
sama	The same
Samaam	Samaam
samaan	to the same
Samachias	Samachias
samahan	organization
samahin	combine
Samai	Mother
samakatuwid	therefore
samang	SAME
samantala	meanwhile
samantalahin	take advantage of
samantalang	while
Samaraim	Samaraim
Samareo	Samareo
Samaria	Samaria
Samaritan	Samaritan
Samaritana	Samaritan
Samaritanang	Samaritan
Samaritano	Samaritan
Samaritanong	Samaritan
samasama	yellow
samasamang	together
Samateo	Sameto
sambahan	worship
sambahang	worship
sambahaya	household
sambahayan	household
sambahayang	household
sambahin	worship
sambahin 	worship 
sambahing	worshipful
sambayanan	people
sambayanang	people's
sambit	saying
sambitin	to quote
sambitlain	to say
sambuko	elderberry
Sambuth	Sambut
Samek	Tuck
Samgar	Samgar
Samhut	Samhut
Sami	Get
Samir	Samir
Samla	Collect
Samlai	Samlai
Samma	Same
Sammah	Sammah
Sammai	Heavens
Sammua	Burn out
Samna	Gather
samo	only
Samos	Samos
Samot	further
Samoth	Samoth
Samotrace	Samothrace
Samotracia	Samothrace
sampahan	climb
sampahin	trash
sampalatayanan	believe
sampalin	slap
sampid	sampid
sampu	ten
sampung	ten
sampuʼt	cover
samsam	samsam
samsaman	samsam
samsamin	plunder
Samserai	Samserai
Samseri	Samseri
Samson	Samson
Samua	All
Samuel	Samuel
samyo	fragrance
samyong	SCENT
san	san
sana	very
sana 	very 
sanang	I wish
sanay	accustomed
sanayin	train
sanaʼy	sanaʼy
Sanbalat	bal'lat
Sanballat	Sanballat
sandaa	sandaa
sandaan	hundred
sandaang	hundred
sandaigdigan	world
sandakot	sandakot
sandalan	lean
sandali	moment
sandaling	moment
sandalyas	SANDAL
sandata	weapon
sandatahan	armed
sandatahang	armed
sandatang	weapon
sandataʼy	weapon
sandigan	support
sandok	ladle
sanedrin	Sanhedrin
sang	sang
sanga	BRANCH
sangagan	crucible
sangandaan	crossroads
sangandaang	the best
sangang	nine
sangayon	accordingly
sangaʼy	sangaʼy
sangbahayan	household
sangdali	moment
sangdaling	slowly
sanggalang	protection
sanggalangan	objection
sanggalangang	the cradle
sanggayon	then
sanggol	baby
sangguni	reference
sanggunian	reference
sangguniin	refer
sangkalangitan	heaven
sangkalupaan	worldwide
sangkap	ingredient
sangkatauha	the dream
sangkatauhan	humanity
sangkot	involved
sangla	mortgage
sanglang	saddle
sanglibo	the thousand
sanglibuta	worldwide
sanglibutan	world
sanglibutang	worldly
sanglinggo	week
sanglingo	week
sangmaliwanag	clearly
sangnilikha	creation
sangpu	ten
sangpung	ten
sangpunglibong	ten
sangtaon	the year
sangusapan	sangusapan
sanhi	cause
sanla	LEPROSY
sanlibo	thousand
sanlibong	thousand
sanlibuta	world
sanlibutan	world
sanlibutang	worldly
sanlinggo	week
sanlinggong	weekly
sanna	prove
sansalain	sansalain
Sansana	Smell
sansinukob	universe
Santiago	Santiago
Santiagong	Santiagong
Santo	Holy
santong	saint
santuario	sanctuary
santuwaryo	sanctuary
santuwaryong	sanctuary
sapa	who
sapagka	because
sapagkat	because
Sapagkat 	Because 
sapalaran	random
sapang	baby
sapat	enough
sapatos	shoes
Saph	Saph
Saphan	Saphan
Saphat	Saphat
Saphatias	Saphathias
Saphir	Sapphire
Saphon	Saphon
Sapi	Cow
sapilitan	compulsory
sapilitang	forced
sapin	fir tree
saping	share
sapinsaping	fir saping
sapiro	sapphire
sapitin	to suffer
saplot	cover
sapot	cobweb
sapul	since
sapyaw	breastplate
Sara	Sara
sarado	closed
saraduhan	catch
Saraf	Nerves
Sarai	Sarai
Saraia	Sarai
Saraias	Saraias
Saraim	Saraim
sarap	delicious
Saraph	Saraf
Sarar	Wraps
sardio	sardine
Sardis	Sardis
sardiyo	sardiyo
sardonica	sardonica
sardonix	sardonix
Sarefat	Zarephath
Sarepta	Zarephath
Saresar	Saresar
sareser	sareser
Sarethan	Sarethan
sarezer	sarezer
Sargon	Sargon
sarhan	close
sarhento	sergeant
sari	sari
Sarid	Sarid
sarili	self
sarili 	self 
sarilinan	private
sariling	own
sarilinin	to own
sariliʼy	oneself
saring	various
saris	saris
sarisari	various
sarisariling	sarisariling
sarisaring	various
sariwa	fresh
sariwain	refresh
sariwang	fresh
saro	difficult
Saron	Saron
Sarona	Cover
sarong	sarong
Saronita	Saronite
sarsa	SAUCE
Sarsechim	Sarsechim
Sarsekim	Sarsekim
Sarsequim	Sarsequim
Sarthan	Sarthan
Saruhen	Saruhen
Sarvia	Horns
sasa	now
sasaakin	also
Sasaatin	Sasat
sasabay	will go along
Sasabayan	Will accompany
sasabihan	will be told
sasabihi	will say
sasabihin	to say
sasabihing	to say
sasabog	will explode
sasabsab	feed
Sasac	Sasak
sasadyain	intentionally
sasagana	will abound
Sasagasaan	Will be run over
sasagitna	in the middle
sasagot	will answer
sasagupa	will fight
sasagupain	will be encountered
sasagupang	will clash
sasagutan	will answer
sasagutin	will answer
sasahod	salary
Sasai	Sasai
sasainyo	sasainyo
sasaiyo	sasaiyo
sasaiyong	sasaiyong
sasakahin	to farm
sasakaniya	sasakania
sasakaniyang	sasakaaniang
sasakanya	will be with him/her
sasakay	will ride
sasakit	will hurt
sasaklolo	will help
sasaklolohan	will be helped
sasakmal	sasakmal
sasakmalin	sasakmalin
sasakop	will cover
sasaksak	will stab
sasaksakin	to stab
sasaksi	witness
sasaksihan	will witness
sasaktan	will hurt
sasakupin	will be occupied
sasakyan	vehicle
sasakyang	vehicle
sasalain	will be filtered
sasalakay	will attack
sasalakayin	will be attacked
sasalang	will be blocked
sasalangsang	coming soon
sasalantain	sasalantain
sasalapiin	to the sasalap
sasalaulain	sasalaulain
Sasalaysayin	Hello everyone.
sasali	will join
sasaliksikin	will research
sasalitaan	to be spoken
sasalitain	to speak
sasalitaing	sasalitaing
sasalo	will share
sasalok	will scoop
sasalubong	will welcome
sasalubungin	will be welcomed
sasalungat	will oppose
sasalungatin	will oppose
sasalutin	I will share.
sasama	will come
sasamahan	will accompany
sasamba	will worship
sasambahin	will be worshipped
sasambit	sasambit
sasambitin	to be mentioned
sasambulat	will be released
sasampa	will go up
sasampahin	sasampahin
sasampalataya	will believe
sasampang	the way
sasampung	tenth
sasamsam	awkward
sasamsaman	sasamsaman
sasamsamin	sasasamin
sasamyuin	Sasamyuin
sasanayin	to train
sasandal	will lean
sasang	who
sasangguni	the savior
sasangpuin	will be added
sasanib	will merge
sasansalain	sassansalain
sasapat	will suffice
Sasapinan	Covered
sasapit	will arrive
sasapitin	will happen
sasapiting	coming soon
sasapnan	to cover
sasarhan	sasarhan
sasauli	sasauli
sasaulian	sasaulian
sasaway	will reprimand
sasawayin	will be reprimanded
sasaya	will be happy
sasayangin	will be wasted
sasayaw	will dance
sasaysayin	will be told
saserdote	priest
saserdoteng	priest
Satan	Satan
Satanas	Satan
Satanas 	Satan 
satiro	satyr
satrapa	satrap
satrapang	satraps
sauce	sauce
Saul	Saul
saulian	saulian
sauling	sauling
Saulita	Saulita
Saulo	Saul
Sausa	Dry
sause	party
sawa	okay
sawang	full
sawata	Iwata
sawatain	to disturb
saway	reprimand
sawayan	correction
sawayin	reprimand
sawaying	reprimand
saya	me
sayad	wear and tear
sayahan	have fun
Sayang	Dear
sayangin	waste
sayaw	dance
sayawan	dancing
saysay	sense
saysayin	to tell
scepter	scepter
Scir	I know
Scita	Scythian
Scrolls	Scrolls
Sea	Sea
Seal	Seal
Sealthiel	Sealthiel
Sealtiel	Shealtiel
sean	sean
Sear	Sear
Searias	You would be
season	season
Seatiel	Seatiel
seba	yourself
sebada	the september
sebadang	barley
Sebam	Sebum
Sebanias	Shebaniah
Sebarim	In the middle
Sebath	Sebath
Seber	Sever
Sebet	Wound
Sebma	Sebma
Sebna	Shebna
sebo	sebum
Seboim	Seboim
Sebuel	Sebuel
Secaca	Dry
Secanias	Shecaniah
Sechacha	Sechacha
Sechania	Sechania
Sechanias	Sechanias
Sechem	Shechem
Sechemita	Sechemita
Secu	Secu
Secundus	Second
seda	this
Sedad	Sedad
sedang	currently
sedar	aware
sedaray	present
sedec	headquarters
Sedechias	Zedekiah
Sedecias	Sedecias
Sedeur	Sedeur
sedro	cedar
sedro 	cedar 
sedrong	sedrong
seera	law
Sefam	Sefam
Sefanias	Sefanias
Sefar	Sefar
Sefarad	Sephardic
Sefarvaim	Sepharvaim
Sefat	Sefat
Sefata	Sefata
Sefatias	Shephatiah
Sefela	Song
Sefer	Expedition
Sefi	heads
Sefufan	Blue
Segub	Segub
Seharia	Daily
Seharias	Everyday
Sehon	Sehon
Seimei	Seimei
Seir	Seir
Seira	Six
Seirath	Seirath
sekreto	secret
sekretong	UNDERGROUND
sekswal	sexual
sekta	industry
sektang	sectarian
Sela	Villages
Selah	Selah
Selaita	Browse
Selatiel	Selathiel
selda	cell
Selec	Selec
Seled	Seled
Selef	Predecessor
Selemia	Selemia
Selemias	Shelemiah
Selenias	Selenias
Seleph	Seleph
Seles	Celestial
Seleucia	Seleucia
selisiya	selisiya
selisiyah	selisiyyah
Selles	In this
Sellum	Sellum
Selmo	Selmo
Selomi	Selomi
Selomit	Shelomith
Selomith	Selomith
Selomoth	Selomoth
seloso	jealous
Selsa	Celsa
Selsah	Tuesday
Selumiel	Selumiel
selyo	SEAL
selyong	stamp
Sem	As
Sema	Sema
Semaa	Semaa
Semaias	Jonathan
Semakia	Semakia
Semaquias	Semachias
Semaraim	Semaraim
Semarias	Semarias
Semaya	To the sky
Semeb	Semeb
Semed	Semed
Semei	Semei
Semeia	Sow
Semeias	Sow
Semein	Semein
semento	cement
Semer	To sow
semes	semes
Semida	Semitic
Semidaita	Semidaite
Seminit	One minute
Semiramot	Semiramot
Semiramoth	Semiramoth
semita	path
Sen	Its
Senaa	History
senado	senate
Senakerib	Sennacherib
Senan	Senan
Senaquerib	Sennacherib
Senazar	Senazar
Sene	Year
Seneaser	Seneaser
Senir	Senir
Sennacherib	Sennacherib
sensus	sense
sentido	sense
sentimo	cent
sentro	center
senturion	centurion
senturiong	senturiong
Senua	Senua
senyas	signal
senyasan	signal
Seor	Senor
Seorim	I am
Sepham	Sepham
Sephan	Sephan
Sephanias	Zephaniah
Sephar	Sephar
Sepharad	Sepharad
Sepharvaim	Sepharvaim
Sepharvita	Sephardic
Sephata	Sephat
Sephath	Sephat
Sephatias	Sephatias
sepher	sepher
Sephi	Sephi
sephon	siphon
Sephora	Sephora
Sephuphim	In a dream
Septuagint	Septuagint
Septuaginta	Septuagint
Septyembre	September
Ser	To be
sera	will be
Serabias	Serabias
serafim	seraph
Seraia	Seraiah
Seraiah	Seraiah
Seraias	Seraiah
serapin	seraph
seraping	seraping
Seraya	While
serbisyo	SERVICES
Serebias	Serebias
Sered	Sered
Sereda	Wednesday
Seredita	Seredita
Sereias	Mermaids
seremonya	ceremony
seremonyang	ceremony
Seres	Beings
Sereth	Sereth
Sergio	Sergio
Sergius	Sergius
Sermon	Sermon
serpiyente	snake
Serua	Fun
Serug	Serug
Serva	Edge
Sesach	Sesach
Sesai	Sesai
Sesan	Sixth
Sesbassar	Sesbassar
Sesbazar	Sound Bazaar
sesenyas	sign
Sesenyasan	Sesennyasan
Sesi	Session
Setar	Setar
Seth	Seth
Sethar	Sethar
Setharboznai	Setharboznai
Sethur	Sethur
setro	smoke
setrong	stubborn
Seva	Yours
Sevene	Sevene
Seveneh	Seveneh
Seyene	Lord
Shaaf	Shaft
Shaalabin	Shaalabin
Shaalbon	Shaalbon
Shaalim	Shaalim
Shaaraim	Shaaraim
Shaasgaz	Shaasgaz
Shabetai	Shabetai
Shadrac	Shadrac
Shadud	shadud
Shafam	Shafam
Shafan	Page
Shafat	Shafat
Shafir	Shafir
Shagee	Shagee
shahar	city
Shaharaim	Shahraim
Shahazuma	Shahazuma
Shalal	Shalal
Shaleket	Shaleket
Shalisha	Shalisha
Shalman	Shalam
Shalmanaser	Shalmanaser
shalom	shalom
Shalum	Shalom
Shama	Shama
Shamai	Shamai
Shamgar	Shamgar
Shamir	Shamir
Shammah	Shammah
Shamot	Shamot
Shamsherai	Shamsherai
Shamua	Shamua
Shamut	Shamut
Shan	Shan
Sharai	Sharai
Sharar	Waste
Sharezer	Sharezer
Sharon	Sharon
Sharuhen 	Sharuhen 
Shasai	Shasai
Shashak	Shashak
Shaul	Shaul
Shave	Shave
Shavsa	Shavsha
Sheal	Turn
Shealtiel	Shealtiel
Shear	Shear
Shearia	Shearia
sheba	look
Shebania	Shebania
Shebarim	Shebarim
Shebat	Shebat
Sheber	Sheber
Shebna	Sheba
Shebuel	Shebuel
Shecania	Shecania
Sheera	Sheera
Shefam	Shepham
Shefatia	Shephatia
Shefela	Shephelah
Shefer	Shepherd
Shefi	Head
Shefo	Chef
Shefufan	Shefufan
Sheharia	Sheharia
shekel	shekel
Shekem	Shechem
Shela	Announcement
Shelef	Shelf
Shelemia	Shelemiah
Sheleph	Sheleph
Sheles	Sheles
Shelishiya	Shelishiya
Shelomit	Shelomi
Shelomot	Shelomot
shelter	shelter
Shem	Shem
Shema	Shema
Shemaa	Shemaa
Shemaria	Shemaria
Shemaya	Shemaiah
Shemeber	Shemeber
Shemed	Shemed
Shemer	Shemer
shemes	shemes
Shemesh	Shemesh
Shemesh 	Shemesh 
Shemida	Shemida
Sheminit	Sheminit
Shemiramot	Shemiramot
Shemuel	Shemuel
Shen	Shen
Shenazar	Shenazar
Sheol	Sheol
Sherebia	The sage
Sheresh	Sheresh
Sheshac	Sheshac
Sheshai	Sheshai
Sheshan	Sheshan
Sheshbazar	Sheshbazar
Shetar	Shetar
Sheva	Sheva
Shiba	Shiba
Shibolet	Shibolet
Shiboleth	Shiboleth
Shifi	Shift
Shifra	FIGURES
Shigaion	Shigaion
shiggaion	entry
Shigionot	Shigionot
Shihor	Shihor
Shikeron	Shikeron
Shilem	Shilem
Shilhim	Shilhim
Shillem	Shillem
Shilo	Shiloh
Shiloa	Shiloh
Shiloh	Shiloh
Shilonita	Shilonita
Shilsha	Shilsha
Shimea	Shimea
Shimeam	Shimeam
Shimeat	Shimeat
Shimeateo	Shimeateo
Shimei	Shimei
Shimi	Language
Shimon	Shimon
Shimrat	Shimrat
Shimri	Shimri
Shimrit	Shimri
Shimron	Shimron
Shimsai	Shimsai
Shin	Shin
Shinab	Shinab
Shinar	Shinar
Shion	Shion
Shisak	Shisak
Shishak	Shishka
Shita	Shita
Shitim	Shitim
Shiza	Shiza
Shoa	Die
Shobab	Shobab
Shobac	Shobac
Shobal	Shobal
Shobek	Shobek
Shobi	Shobi
Shofac	Shofac
Shofan	Shofan
shoftim	shoftim
Shoham	Shoham
Shomer	Shomer
shrink	shrink
Shua	extinguished
shual	shual
Shubael	Shubael
Shufam	Shufam
Shuha	Shuha
Shuham	Shuham
Shuhamita	Shuhamita
Shulam	Shulammite
Shunem	Shunem
Shuni	This
Shupeo	Shupeo
Shupim	Shupim
Shur	Shur
Shushan	Shushan
Shutela	Shutela
shuttle	shuttle
si	and
Siaa	Siaa
Siba	We become
sibat	spear
sibatan	February
Sibbecai	Sibbecai
Sibecai	Sibecai
Sibechai	Sibechai
Sibeon	Sibeon
Sibia	Sibia
Sibias	Sibias
Sibil	Civil
sibilisado	civilized
Sibma	Sibma
Sibna	We found it.
sibol	sprout
Sibolet	Sibolet
Sibrahim	Sibrahim
Sibraim	Sibraim
Sibulan	overgrow
sibuyas	onion
Sicar	Sicar
Sichem	Shechem
Sicheron	Sicheron
Siclag	Siclag
Sicron	Sicron
Siddim	Siddim
Sidim	Sidim
sidlan	put
Sidon	Sidon
Sidoneo	Sidoneo
Sidonia	Sidonia
Sidonio	Sidonius
Sifa	Features
Sifi	Enough
Sifmot	Siphmot
Sifra	Table
siga	follow
sigá	yes
sigalbo	sigalbo
sigalot	conflict
sigang	calm
sigasig	enthusiasm
sigaw	shout
sigawan	shout
sigawang	noise
sige	say
Sigionot	Sigionot
Sigionoth	Sigionoth
sigla	sail
sigsig	torch
sigurado	sure
siguradong	definitely
siguraduhin	make sure
Siguraduhing	Make sure
siguro	maybe
sigurong	probably
siguroʼy	maybe
Siha	Fitness
Sihon	Sehon
Sihor	sihor
Sihorlibnath	Sihorlibnath
siit	from here
siitan	I am here.
sikamoro	we are not
sikang	sikang
sikap	attitude
sikapin	try
sikaping	try
sikaran	kick
sikat	famous
sikatan	sweep
sikdo	sikdo
siklab	frenzy
siklo	shekel
siklong	cyclone
sikmura	stomach
siko	elbow
sikomoro	SYCAMORE
sikomorong	mulberry
Sikor	Sikor
sikot	hip
sikreto	secret
siksik	dense
siksikan	crowded
siksikin	that's why
sila	they
sila 	they 
silaban	syllabus
silahia	welcome
Silai	Silai
silain	Please
silakbo	outbreak
silang	they
silanga	slang
silangan	east
silanganan	eastern
silanganang	eastern
silangang	eastern
Silas	Silas
silasila	see
silaʼt	silaʼt
silaʼy	silaʼy
silbi	useful
silbing	useful
Silem	Silem
Silhi	Silhi
Silhim	Silhim
silid	room
silim	twilight
Silithai	Silithai
Silla	Chair
Sillem	comport
Sillemita	Sillemita
Sillethai	Sillethai
silo	silo
Siloam	Siloam
Siloe	Siloam
silong	basement
silongan	shelter
Silonita	Silonita
Silsa	Shilshah
siluin	siluin
silungan	shelter
silungang	the slumber party
Silvano	Silvano
Silvanus	Silvanus
silversmith	silversmith
sima	smooth
Simaath	Simaath
simangot	frown
Simath	Simath
Simatheo	Simatheo
Simatita	Simatita
simbahan	church
simbalo	cymbalo
simbalong	long tail
simbango	break
simbilis	as fast as possible
simbolo	symbol
simbolong	symbol
simbuyo	impulse
Simea	Shimea
Simeam	Simeon
Simeat	Simeat
Simei	Simei
Simeita	Sims
Simeon	Simeon
Simeonita	Simeonite
Simi	Simi
Simma	Swim
Simon	Simon
Simong	Simong
simoy	breeze
Simpait	Simpait
simple	simple
simpleng	simple
simputi	you feel
Simrat	Simrat
Simrath	Simrath
Simri	Zimri
Simrit	Simrit
Simrith	Simrith
Simron	Simron
Simronita	Simronita
Simsai	The Sims
simsimin	simsimin
simula	beginning
simulain	principle
simulan	start
simulang	start
simulaʼt	simulation
simuting	scrape
sin	sin
sina	their
sinabawang	scattered
sinabi	said
sinabihan	told
sinabihang	told
sinabing	said
sinabitan	hung
sinabugan	sprayed
sinabunutan	plucked
sinabuyan	sprinkled
sinadya	intentional
sinadyang	intentionally
sinag	beam
sinagasaan	run over
sinagip	rescued
sinagoga	synagogue
sinagot	answered
Sinagupa	Encountered
Sinai	Sinai
sinaid	torn
sinakal	strangled
sinaklolohan	rescued
sinaklot	sinaklot
sinakmal	grabbed
sinakop	occupied
sinaksak	stabbed
sinaksihan	witnessed
sinaktan	mixed
sinaktang	injured
sinakyan	rode
sinalakay	attacked
sinalang	filtered
sinalangsang	transgressed
sinalanta	devastated
Sinalaula	Desecrated
sinalaysay	narrated
sinalihan	participated
sinaliksik	researched
sinalita	spoken
sinalitang	spoken
Sinalok	scooped
sinalot	sinalot
sinalubong	met
sinalungat	opposed
sinamahan	accompanied
sinamang	joined
Sinamantala	Taken advantage of
sinamba	worshipped
sinambit	mentioned
sinambitla	synambitla
sinamomo	cinnamon
sinamon	cinnamon
sinampa	filed
sinampahan	charged
sinampal	slapped
sinampalatayanan	believed
sinamsam	seized
sinamsaman	plundered
sinamyo	smelled
sinanay	trained
sinandalan	leaned on
sinandatahan	sinandatahan
sinang	rice porridge
sinangag	fried rice
sinangguni	consulted
sinanggunian	consulted
sinangkapan	furnished
sinangsala	rejected
sinaniban	joined
sinapantaha	expected
sinapatusan	shod
Sinapinan	shod
sinapit	happened
sinapnan	covered
sinapupunan	womb
sinapupunang	pregnant
Sinar	Ray
sinarhan	closed
sinarhang	sun hang
sinarili	independent
Sinariwa	Freshly picked
sinasabayan	accompanied
sinasabi	saying
sinasabihan	being told
sinasabing	it is said
sinasabiʼy	saying
sinasabsab	being teased
sinasabugan	being bombed
sinasabuyan	being chased
sinasadya	intentionally
sinasadyang	intentionally
sinasagap	being received
sinasagip	being rescued
sinasagot	being answered
sinasaklot	being seized
sinasakmal	being grabbed
sinasakop	occupied
sinasaksak	being stabbed
sinasaksihan	witnessing
sinasaksihang	witnessed
sinasaktan	being hurt
sinasakyan	being ridden
sinasakyang	being ridden
sinasala	filtered
sinasalakay	under attack
sinasalang	being filtered
sinasalangsang	being violated
sinasalanta	being devastated
Sinasalikisik	Interrogating
sinasaliksik	researching
sinasalita	spoken
sinasalitang	spoken
sinasalo	being caught
sinasalpok	being thrown
sinasalpukan	being hit
sinasalubong	being welcomed
sinasalunga	opposing
sinasalungat	opposed
sinasamahan	accompanied
Sinasamantala	Taking advantage
sinasamba	worshipped
sinasambahan	worshipped
sinasambang	worshipped
sinasambit	spoken
sinasamo	appealing
sinasampa	being filed
sinasampahan	being sued
sinasampal	being slapped
sinasampalatayanan	believed
sinasamsam	plundered
sinasanay	being trained
sinasang	desired
sinasangayunan	agreed upon
Sinasangguni	Referred
sinasanggunian	being consulted
sinasaniban	being surrounded
sinasansala	being reprimanded
sinasapantaha	presumed
sinasapatan	being satisfied
sinasapian	possessed
sinasarhan	being closed
sinasarili	selfish
sinasawata	being punished
sinasaway	being criticized
sinasayang	wasted
sinasaysay	narrated
sinaulian	sinaulian
sinaunang	ancient
sinaway	reprimanded
sinayang	wasted
sinaysay	essay
sindak	panic
sindakin	frighten
sindalisay	sindalisay
sindami	as many
sindi	Sindhi
sindihan	light up
sinensus	Chinese
sinentensyahan	sentenced
sinenyasan	prompted
Sineo	Sineo
sinepa	sinepa
sinepete	mustard
sing	that
singasing	tip
singaw	steam
singganda	singapore
singhaba	as long as
singhal	singhal
singhina	she sighs
singil	charge
singilin	charge
singkad	width
Singkapal	Shipwreck
Singkawan	Singkawan
singko	five
singlapad	wide
singsing	RING
singsing 	RING 
singtalim	singtalim
singular	singular
sinibak	fired
sinibat	speared
sinibulan	they are a joke
sinidlan	container
sinigaan	lit
sinigawan	shouted
sinikap	tried
sinikatan	dawn
sinila	here
sinilaban	set on fire
sinilangan	born
sinilbihan	served
Sinim	Sinim
sinimot	scratched
sinimulan	started
sinimulang	started
Sinindak	Terrified
sinindihan	lit
siningil	charged
siningilan	charged
sininop	sininop
sininta	gone
sinipingan	had sex
sinipsip	sucked
sinira	broken
siniraan	ruined
sinirang	destroyed
siniseryoso	seriously
sinisi	blamed
sinisibat	speared
sinisibulan	sprouting
sinisigawan	shouted
sinisiguro	ensuring
sinisiil	oppressed
sinisikap	trying
sinisikatan	dawning
sinisikil	suppressed
sinisiksik	being squeezed
sinisila	being persecuted
sinisilip	peeking
sinisilungan	sheltered
sinisimbolo	symbolizes
sinisimsim	whispering
sinisimulan	starting
sinisindihan	lit
sinisingil	charged
sinisinta	beloved
sinisintang	beloved
sinisipingan	thinking about
sinisira	destroying
sinisiraan	slandered
sinisiraang	slandered
sinisiraangpuri	slanderous
sinisisi	blamed
sinisiyasat	being investigated
Sinita	Visited
siniyahan	encouraged
siniyasat	inspected
sinlakas	as strong as
sinlaki	as big as
sinlalim	as deep as
sinlawak	comedy
sinlinaw	, clear
sinliwanag	clearly
sino	but
sinoma	someone
sinoman	anyone
sinomang	anyone
sinong	who
Sinosino	Sinosino
sinsama	secret
sinsel	sinsel
sinta	feel
sintaas	that hip
sintagal	sintagal
sintamis	feel
sintas	sash
sintatag	sintatag
sintibay	strong
sintigas	stubborn
Sintique	And so
sinturon	belt
sinturong	belt
sinu	into
sinubok	tested
sinubukan	tried
sinubukang	tried
sinugatan	wounded
sinugo	sent
sinugod	rushed
sinugong	sent
sinugpong	knit
sinuhulan	bribed
sinukat	measured
sinukob	universe
sinulat	written
sinulatan	written
sinulid	thread
sinulsulan	provoked
sinum	sin
sinuma	summed up
sinuman	anyone
sinuman 	anyone 
sinumang	anyone
sinumang 	anyone 
sinumbatan	reprimanded
sinumpa	cursed
sinumpaan	sworn
sinumpaang	sworn
sinumpang	cursed
sinundan	followed
sinundang	followed
sinundo	picked up
sinungaling	liar
sinunggaban	grabbed
sinunod	followed
sinunog	burned
sinunsunog	burned
sinuntok	punched
sinuot	worn
sinuotan	dressed
sinupok	consumed
sinuportahan	supported
Sinuri	Reviewed
sinusian	sinusian
sinuso	suckling
sinustentuhan	yours truly
sinusubaybayan	monitored
sinusubok	being tested
sinusubukan	trying
sinusubukang	trying
sinusugatan	being wounded
sinusugo	being sent
sinusugod	rushing
sinusuhan	being sued
sinusuhulan	bribed
sinusukat	measured
sinusuklian	reciprocated
sinusukol	being thrown
sinusulat	writing
sinusulatan	written to
sinusulsulan	being provoked
sinusumbatan	being criticized
sinusumpa	cursed
Sinusumpaan	Swearing
sinusumpong	being attacked
sinusundan	followed
sinusunggaban	being grabbed
sinusunod	followed
sinusunog	burning
sinusunog 	burning 
sinusunugan	being burned
sinusuob	being absorbed
sinusuot	worn
sinusupil	suppressed
sinusupok	being consumed
sinusuportahan	supported
sinusuri	being examined
sinusustentuhan	supported
sinusuutan	worn
sinusuwag	being promoted
sinusuway	disobeyed
sinuutan	you are welcome
sinuwag	attacked
sinuway	disobeyed
sinuya	scorned
sinuyo	invited
Sion	Sion
Sior	Sir
sipag	diligence
Sipai	Police
Siphi	Where are we?
Siphmita	Siphmita
Siphmoth	Siphmoth
Siphra	siphra
Siphtan	Siphtan
sipi	quote
siping	quote
sipingan	have sex
sipit	slit-eyed
Sippai	Sippai
sipres	CYPRESS
sipsipin	suck
Siquem	Shechem
sira	salt
siraan	discredit
Siracusa	Syracuse
sirain	destroy
siraing	broken
sirang	broken
Siria	Syria
Siriang	Morning
Sirianita	Syrianite
Sirion	Sirion
Siro	Siro
Sirofenicia	Sirofenicia
Sirofenisa	Syrophoenician
Sirte	Sirte
Sis	Yes
Sisa	Remainder
Sisac	Sisac
Sisara	Mammal
Sisera	Sisera
Siserang	Scissors
Sisha	New
Sishak	Shishak
sisi	side
sisibat	spear
sisibol	will sprout
sisibulan	will sprout
sisidlan	container
sisidlang	container
sisigaw	will shout
sisigawan	will shout
sisigla	will be encouraged
Sisiguraduhin	Will ensure
sisihin	blame
sisikapin	will try
sisikat	will shine
sisikatan	will rise
sisiklab	outbreak
sisiksikan	to the side
sisila	border
sisilaban	shall
sisilain	sisilain
sisilang	cross
sisilo	evacuation
sisilong	sisilong
sisilungan	we are good
sisimulan	will start
sisimulang	will begin
sisimutin	to start
sisinag	sisinag
sisindakin	sisindakin
sisindihan	to light
sisingilin	charged
sisingkawan	will be gathered
sisiping	to marry
sisipingan	to have sex
Sisipsipin	Will be sucked.
sisipulan	whistle
sisira	will destroy
sisiraan	will be ruined
sisirain	will be destroyed
sisisihin	to blame
sisiw	chick
sisiwa	student
sisiyahan	will be satisfied
sisiyahin	will be pleased
sisiyasat	sisiyasat
sisiyasatin	will be investigated
sisiyasating	sisiyasating
Sismai	Sismai
sisne	swan
sita	six
sitar	sitar
sitim	thirst
Sitna	Small
Sitnah	The Script
Sitrai	Citra
Sitri	Sitri
sitta	sit
Sittem	Sittem
Sittim	Sittim
sitwasyon	situation
siudad	city
Sivan	Sivan
siwang	aperture
siya	he/she
Siyahan	Saddle
siyam	nine
siyamnapu	ninety
siyamnapung	ninety
siyang	he/she
siyasat	siyasat
siyasatin	investigate
siyaʼt	siyaʼt
siyaʼy	siyaʼy
Siyempre	Of course
siyudad	CITIES
Siza	We will
Smirna	Smirna
Smua	All
snow	snow
Soa	Soa
Soam	Sound
Soar	Soar
soba	room
Sobab	Sobab
Sobac	Sobac
Sobach	Sobach
Sobad	Soba
Sobai	Sobai
Sobal	Soap
Sobeba	Room
Sobec	Selfish
Sobek	Torn
Sobi	In the room
Sobita	Sobita
sobra	surplus
Sobrana	Sobrana
sobrang	too much
Sochias	Sochias
Socho	Socho
Society	Society
Soco	Walk
Socoh	Socoh
Sodi	Judges
Sodom	Sodom
Sodoma	Sodom
sodomita	sodomite
Sofac	Sofac
sofan	on the sofa
Soham	Soham
solihia	solihia
Solomit	Solom
Solomon	Solomon
Somer	Summer
somormuho	somormuho
Sopater	Sopater
Sopatro	Sopatro
Sopha	Sofa
Sophach	Sophach
Sophai	Sophaie
sophan	sophan
Sophar	Sophar
Sophereth	Sophereth
sophim	sophiem
Sophonia	Sophonia
Sophonias	Sophonias
sora	sora
Soraita	Soraita
Sorathita	Sorathita
Soratita	Sister
Sorea	Sorea
Soreah	Soreah
Sorec	Sorec
Sorek	Sorek
sorra	in a row
sorrang	sorrang
sosa	sosa
Sosipater	Sosipater
Sosipatro	Sosipater
Sostenes	Bras
Sotai	Sotai
stadia	stadia
stages	stages
Stakis	Stakis
star	star
Stefanas	Stefan
stork	stork
sua	your
Suah	Suah
sual	question
Suar	Flare
Subael	Subael
subali	but
subalit	but
subaybayan	track
subo	mouthful
subok	tried
subong	now
subuan	try
subukan	try
subukin	try
subuking	try
Sucateo	Scrap
Sucatheo	Sucatheo
Sucatita	Shredded
Succoth	Succoth
Suchot	Suchot
Sucot	Succoth
Sucoth	Sucoth
Sudan	Sudan
sudsod	shovel
sudsud	sobs
Suf	Suf
Sufa	Sufism
Sufam	Suffam
sugapa	addicted
sugat	wound
sugatan	wounded
sugatang	wounded
sugo	messenger
Sugod	dash
sugong	messenger
sugpong	joint
sugpuin	suppress
suguan	suguan
suguin	send
suguing	send
Suha	Dry
Suham	Suham
Suhamita	Suhamita
suhay	support
Suhita	Suhita
suhol	BRIBE
suhulan	bribery
suka	criticism
sukal	thicket
sukat	size
sukatan	measurement
sukatang	scale
sukatin	measure
sukdulan	extreme
suki	suki
Sukim	Sukim
suklam	disgust
sukli	change
suko	surrender
Sukot	fee
suksukan	rack
Sukuim	Sukuim
Sulamita	Shulamith
sulat	LETTERS
sulatan	to write
sulatang	letter
sulatin	writing
suligi	leech
sulirani	sulirani
suliranin	problem
suliraning	problem
sulit	difficult
sulitin	make the most of
sulo	grace
sulok	corner
sulong	forward
sulsi	sulli
sulsol	seduction
sulukan	corner
sulukang	corner
sulyap	glance
suma	addition
sumaakin	also
sumaaking	sumac
sumaamin	poison
sumaaming	with us
sumaatin	with us
sumaating	arrived
sumabat	to interrupt
sumabata	to grow old
sumabay	come with
sumabayan	go along
sumabit	hang
sumabog	explode
sumadsad	run aground
sumagana	prosper
sumagasa	steamroller
sumagi	come over
sumagitna	intervene
sumagot	answer
sumagpang	pounce
sumagupa	to attack
sumagwan	paddle
sumailalim	undergo
sumainyo	with you
sumainyong	with you
sumaiyo	with you
sumaiyong	sumaiyong
sumakabilang	participate
sumakanila	with them
sumakaniya	with him/her
sumakaniyang	with him/her
sumakanlong	take refuge
sumakanya	join him
sumakay	ride
sumakdal	finisher
sumakit	hurt
sumaklolo	come to the rescue
sumakmal	sumakmal
sumakop	conquer
sumaksak	stab
sumaksi	witness
sumalahat	all that
sumalakay	attack
sumalang	to happen
sumalangsang	contradict
sumalansang	oppose
sumali	join
sumalimuoy	join in
sumalo	catch
sumalok	scoop
sumaloob	enter
sumalubong	meet
sumalungat	oppose
sumama	come along
sumamâ	sumama
sumama 	come along 
sumamang	join
sumamba	worship
sumambang	worship
sumambit	shout
sumambulat	burst
sumamo	beg
sumampa	climb
sumampal	slap
sumampalataya	believe
sumampalatayang	believe
sumampang	climb
sumamsam	sumamsam
sumandal	lean
sumandali	hurry up
sumandaling	hurry up
sumang	agree
sumangayon	agree
sumangguni	refer
sumapi	join
sumapit	arrived
sumara	close
sumasa	attend
sumasaakin	with me
sumasaamin	with us
sumasaatin	with us
sumasabanig	lying down
sumasabay	accompanying
sumasadako	in a hurry
sumasadakong	jumping
sumasagana	abounding
sumasagi	haunting
sumasagot	answering
sumasagupa	struggling
sumasaibabaw	on top
sumasainyo	with you
sumasaisang	one
sumasaiyo	with you
sumasakanila	with them
sumasakaniya	with him/her
sumasakanya	with him
sumasakay	riding
sumasakit	hurts
sumasaklolo	helping
sumasakmal	grabbing
sumasakop	occupying
sumasaksi	witness
sumasala	filtering
sumasalakay	attacking
sumasalangsang	opposing
sumasalansang	opposing
sumasalanta	destructive
sumasali	participating
sumasaliksik	researching
sumasalo	participating
sumasaloob	inside
sumasalubong	welcoming
sumasalungat	opposing
sumasama	going along
sumasamabuti	getting better
sumasamaʼt	accompanying
sumasamba	worshiper
sumasambit	speaking
sumasambitla	speaking
sumasambulat	bursting
sumasamo	appealing
sumasampa	climbing
sumasampalataya	believing
sumasampalataya 	believing 
sumasamsam	plundering
sumasang	agree
sumasangayon	agree
sumasangguni	consult
sumasapit	arriving
sumasaunahan	leading
sumasaway	reprimanding
sumasaya	having fun
sumasayad	swimming
sumasayaw	dancing
Sumateo	Sumatra
Sumatita	Sumatite
Sumaulo	Sumaulo
sumawata	sumawata
sumaway	reprimand
sumawsaw	dip
sumaya	rejoice
sumayad	pay
sumayaw	dance
Sumbat	Stopper
sumbatan	blockage
sumbong	complaint
sumbrero	hat
sumenyas	signal
sumesenyas	signal
sumibad	to sail
sumibat	spear
sumibol	sprout
sumigalbo	to be wild
sumigalbong	to be wild
sumigaw	shout
sumigla	perk up
sumikad	kick
sumikat	shine
sumiklab	flare up
sumiksik	squeeze
sumilang	give birth
sumilip	peek
sumilong	take shelter
sumimangot	frown
sumimoy	sumimoy
suminag	suminag
sumingil	charge
suminta	request
sumiping	have sex
sumipit	pinch
sumipot	appear
sumipsip	absorb
sumira	destroy
sumisenyas	signal
sumisibat	spearing
sumisibol	sprouting
sumisigalbong	raging
sumisigaw	screaming
sumisigla	invigorating
sumisiil	oppress
sumisikat	rising
sumisikdo	trembling
sumisikil	pressing
sumisiklab	blazing
sumisiksik	squeeze
sumisila	spawn
sumisilakbo	running away
sumisilang	giving birth
sumisilip	peeking
sumisilong	taking refuge
sumisimbolo	symbolizing
sumisimoy	breeze
sumisinag	shining
sumisinga	looking for something
sumisingasing	snoring
sumisinghal	snoring
sumisinta	in love
sumisipa	kicking
sumisiping	having sex
sumisira	destructive
sumisirang	destroying
sumisiyasat	investigating
sumita	show
sumiyap	sumiyap
sumiyasat	sumiyasat
sumobra	overdo
sumobrang	overdo
sumosobra	excessive
sumpa	curse
sumpaan	swear
sumpaang	cursed
sumpain	damn
sumpang	curse
sumubasob	to fall over
sumubok	try
sumubsob	to fall down
sumugat	wound
sumugbong	dipped himself
sumugod	rush
sumuka	vomit
sumukat	measure
sumuko	surrender
sumulat	write
sumulong	move forward
sumulpot	emerge
sumumpa	swear
sumumpang	swear
sumundo	pick up
sumungaw	evaporate
sumunggab	grab
sumunod	follow
sumunog	burn
sumuntok	punch
sumuot	wear
sumupling	sprout
sumupok	consume
sumuporta	support
sumuray	Suramay
sumuri	check
sumusobra	excessive
sumusubaybay	following
sumusubok	trying
sumusugat	wounding
sumusugod	rushing
sumusukat	measuring
sumusuko	surrendering
sumusulat	writing
sumusumpa	swearing
sumusumpang	swearing
sumusungaw	peeking
sumusunod	following
sumusunod 	following 
sumusunog	burning
sumusuntok	punching
sumusuong	rising
sumusupling	reprimanding
sumusupok	consuming
sumusuporta	supporting
sumusuray	staggering
sumususo	breastfeeding
sumususong	suckling
sumusutsot	hissing
sumusuway	disobedient
sumuway	disobey
Sunam	call
Sunamita	Shunammite
Sunamitang	Sunamitess
sundalo	soldier
sundalo 	soldier 
sundalong	soldier
sundaloʼt	soldier
sundaloʼy	soldier
sundan	follow
sundang	dagger
sundi	swimming
sundin	follow
sunding	sunding
sunduin	pick up
Sunem	Shunem
sungay	horn
sunggaban	grab
Suni	Dogs
Sunita	Sunita
sunod 	nEXT 
sunodsunod	CHRONOLOGY
sunog	fire
suntok	blow
suntukin	punch
sunud	next
sunugan	cremate
sunugang	burnt
sunugin	burn
sunuran	be flexible
suot	wearing
suotan	dress
Supamita	Suphamite
Suph	Suph
Supham	Supham
Suphamita	Suphamita
supilin	suppress
Supim	Supim
supling	offspring
suporta	support
suportahan	support
supot	bag
Suppim	Suppim
supukin	I'm sorry.
sur	on
suray	dangling
Suriel	Suriel
suriin	check
suriing	check
susa	susa
Susan	Susan
Susana	Susana
Susanchita	You don't do it.
susi	key
susian	key
susim	season
suso	breast
susô	close
susong	snail
sustento	livelihood
susubaybayan	will be monitored
susubok	will try
susubukan	will try
susubukin	will be tested
susugat	will be injured
susugatan	strike
susugatang	will be met
Susugod	Will rush
susugpuin	will be filled
susuguin	will send
susuhulan	follow up
susukat	will measure
susukatan	sequence
susukatin	to be measured
susuklian	will be repaid
susukluban	will be covered
susuko	will give up
Susuksukan	implant
susulatan	to write to
susulatin	will write
susulating	suffocating
susulit	will make the most of it
susulong	will advance
susulsulan	follow-up
susumbat	will scold
susumbatan	will be punished
susumpa	swear
susumpain	will be cursed
susumpain 	will be cursed 
susumpang	will swear
susundan	to be followed
susundin	will follow
susunding	will be tested
susunggab	will seize
susunggaban	will grab
susunod	next
susunog	will burn
susunugin	will be burned
susunuging	burnt
susuotin	to wear
susupilin	will be suppressed
susupok	will consume
susupukin	susupukin
susuray	will stagger
susuriin	will be reviewed
sususo	will suck
Susustentuhan	The sequence of determination
sususuhin	breastfeed
susutsot	sigh
susutsutan	Susutsutan
susuutan	will be worn
susuutin	will be worn
susuway	will disobey
susuwayin	will disobey
susuyo	He is silent
susuyuin	will be satisfied
susuyurin	will be examined
Sutela	Sutela
Suthala	Suthala
Suthalaita	Suthalaita
Suthela	Move away.
sutla	silk
suuban	decent
suutan	I kiss
suwag	plaster
suwail	rebellious
suwayin	to defy
suwerte	luck
suwi	long time
suya	to the water
Suyang	Suyang
suyod	spade
suyuin	to coax
swapang	swap
sweldo	salary
swelduhang	salaried
Sycar	Sycar
Syene	Syene
Syntique	Synthetic
Syracuse	Syracuse
Syria	Syria
Syriac	Syriac
Syrian	Syrian
Syrtis	Syrtis
t	t
taan	tank
Taanac	Taanach
Taanach	Taanach
Taanat	Taanat
taas	that
taasan	increase
taasang	high
taba	tobacco
tabak	plate
Tabalia	Apron
tabang	HELP
tabas	hit
Tabasin	I hit
Tabat	Tabata
Tabata	Tabata
Tabbat	Sure
Tabeel	Table
Tabera	Taber
tabernakulo	tabernacle
tabernakulong	tabernacle
Tabernas	Taverns
tabi	or
tabil	VEIL
tabing	curtain
tabingan	screen
tabingi	uneven
Tabita	Tabitha
tabla	board
tablan	board
tablang	board
tabor	tabor
Tabrimon	Tabrimmon
tabunan	engorge
Tachemonita	Tachometer
Tadeo	Thaddeus
Tadeus	Thaddeus
tadhanang	destiny
Tadmor	Tadmor
tadtad	chopped
tadtarin	chop
tadyang	rib
Tafat	Tafat
Tafath	Tafath
Tafnes	Tafnes
tag	tag
taga	behind
tagâ	shoe
tagaakay	went away
tagaaliw	entertainer
tagaaring	owner
tagaayos	repairman
tagabalita	newspaper,
tagabantay	watchman
tagabili	buyer
tagabuhat	carrier
tagabukas	opener
tagadala	Couriers
tagadulot	providers
tagagawa	manufacturer
tagagiling	grinder
tagahakot	movers
tagahati	divider
tagahatid	delivery person
tagahatol	referee
tagahawak	holder
tagahikayat	exhorter
tagaibang	foreigner
tagaigib	tagai
tagain	chop
tagaingat	keeper
tagaiyak	cry
tagak	stork
tagakandili	back wall
tagakatay	butchers
tagakatha	artificer
tagakita	seer
tagakumpas	conductor
tagakumpuni	tagakumpuni
tagal	duration
tagalangit	celestial
tagalikom	collector
tagamasid	observer
taganas	pure
tagapag	maker
tagapagakay	guide
tagapagalaga	caregiver
tagapagampon	adoptive parent
tagapagatag	founder
tagapagbalita	reporter
tagapagbalitang	reporter
tagapagbantay	watchman
tagapagbautismo	baptist
tagapagbigay	provider
tagapagbilad	presenter
tagapagdala	carrier
tagapagdalisay	purifier
tagapaghati	divider
tagapaghatid	delivery person
tagapaghayag	announcer
tagapaghiganti	avenger
tagapaghusay	improver
tagapagingat	keeper
tagapagkalinga	guardian
tagapagkandili	breadwinner
tagapagkanulo	traitor
tagapaglagda	publisher
tagapagligtas	savior
tagapaglikom	collector
tagapaglingkod	servant
tagapagluto	cook
tagapagmana	heir
tagapagmanang	heir
tagapagmasid	observer
tagapagpaalala	reminder
tagapagpaamo	tamer
tagapagpaaninaw	interpreter
tagapagpaatag	leveler
tagapagpagaling	healer
tagapagpahayag	announcer
tagapagpahirap	torturer
Tagapagpala	Benefactor
Tagapagpalakas	Booster
tagapagpalaya	liberator
tagapagpaliwanag	interpreter
tagapagpaputi	bleacher
tagapagparatang	accuser
tagapagpasak	shooter
tagapagpatunog	soundman
tagapagpatupad	executor
tagapagsalita	speaker
tagapagsanggalang	protector
tagapagsauli	restorer
tagapagsilbi	waiter
tagapagsumbong	informer
tagapagtaas	lifter
tagapagtaguyod	advocate
tagapagtala	recorder
tagapagtalang	recorder
tagapagtanggol	defender
tagapagtanyag	advertiser
tagapagtatag	founder
tagapagtayo	builder
tagapagturo	educator
tagapagturong	teacher
tagapagukit	engraver
tagapagutos	commander
tagapagwasak	destroyer
tagapakinig	listener
tagapamagitan	mediator
tagapamahagi	distributor
tagapamahala	manager
tagapamahalang	manager
tagapamalita	reporter
tagapamatnugot	editor
tagapamayapa	peacemaker
tagapamili	buyer
tagapana	archer
tagapanaghoy	mourner
tagapanagot	guarantor
tagapanangis	mourner
tagapangahoy	woodcutter
tagapangalaga	guardian
tagapangaral	preacher
tagapangasiwa	administrator
tagapangasiwang	supervisor
tagapanghiganti	avenger
tagapanguna	leader
tagapangunang	leader
tagapasan	porter
tagapatay	murderer
tagapatnubay	guide
tagapatnugot	editor
tagapayo	advisor
tagaputol	press cutting
tagaraw	summer
tagarito	local
tagaroon	local
tagaroong	sly
tagasaan	from where
tagasagwan	rower
tagasalin	translator
Tagasaway	Critic
tagasibak	back
tagasilbi	waiter
tagasulat	writer
tagasunod	follower
tagasuri	examiner
tagatabas	hewers
tagatangkilik	patron
tagatanod	watchman
tagatapyas	stonecutters
tagatibag	back to back
tagatrumpeta	trumpeter
tagatugtog	backstabbing
tagatulad	back to back
tagatulong	helper
tagatupad	executor
tagatuyo	wasters
tagaugit	helmsman
tagawasak	wrecker
tagdan	support
tagginaw	tagginaw
taggutom	famine
taghoy	moaning
taghuyan	wailing
tagiliran	side
tagilirang	side
taginaw	winter
taginit	summer
tagisan	compete
taglagas	autumn
taglamig	winter
taglay	with
taglayin	possess
tagni	magnet
tago	go
tagong	access
tagos	penetrating
tagpasin	harvest
tagpi	patch
tagpian	patch
tagping	patchwork
tagpuan	meeting place
tagpuin	meet
tagsibol	spring
tagtanim	my bed
tagtuyot	drought
tagua	tagua
taguan	hiding place
taguang	hiding place
tagubilin	instruction
tagubiling	instruction
tagudtod	straight
tagumpay	success
tahak	like
tahakin	walk
Tahan	Wait.
tahana	tan
tahanan	home
tahanang	home
Tahanita	Tahitian
Tahas	outright
Tahat	Pull
Tahath	Tahath
tahi	together
tahian	thank you
tahiin	sew
tahilan	beam
tahimik	quiet
tahol	bark
taimtim	sincerely
taing	thanks
tainga	ear
taingang	ear
taka	take
takal	pulley
takalan	back door
takalang	the scapegoat
takalin	takalin
takam	thirsty
takang	step
takas	path
takasan	escape
takba	prayer
takbang	step
takbo	run
takbuhan	race
takbuhin	run
takbuhing	running
takda	no
takdaan	limit
takdang	fixed
Takemon	Takemon
takip	follow-up
takipsilim	dusk
takluban	cover
takot	fear
takpan	cover
taksil	traitor
takutin	scare
takuting	scared
takuwil	abhorrent
tala	story
talaan	record
talaang	record
talaga	really
talagang	really
talahib	thread
talahiban	old man
talakayin	discuss
talamak	acute
talampakan	feet
talampas	plateau
talang	talent
talas	spoken
talasan	sharpen
talastas	knowledge
talastasin	to understand
talata	Tuesday
talatang	paragraph
talento	talent
talentong	talented
tali	such
talian	line
talikdan	waive
talikuran	abandon
talim	blade
talimahin	Instruction
taling	mole
talinghaga	metaphor
talinghagang	metaphor
talinhaga	parable
talinhagang	metaphorical
talino	intelligence
talinong	clever
Talitha	Talitha
taliwas	contrary
Talmai	Talmai
Talmon	Talmon
talo	advice
talon	house
talos	talos
talukap	lid
talukapmata	to seize the land
talukbong	hood
taluktok	summit
taluktuk	high-five
talulot	petal
talumpati	speech
talunan	loser
talunin	defeat
talyasi	waist
tama	right
tamaan	hit
tamad	lazy
tamang	correct
tamang 	correct 
tamar	tamar
tamaring	tamaring
tamarisko	tamarisk
tamasa	touch
tamasahin	enjoy
tambakan	dump
tambangan	ambush
tambay	idle
tambo	tambo
tambol	drum
tambong	MEET
tambuli	horn
tamburin	tambourine
tamis	sweetness
Tammuz	Tammuz
tamnan	plant
tampalasan	scoundrel
tampalasang	villain
tampalasanin	to be wicked
tampalin	slap
tampulan	target
tamuhin	obtain
Tamuz	Tammuz
tana	she/it
tanan	all
tanang	ALL
Tanath	Tanath
tanaw	view
tanawin	view
tanawing	view
tanda	sign
tandaan	remember
tandaang	remember
tandang	rooster
tanga	fool
tangan	hand
tangang	stupid
tangay	since
tangayin	to blow away
tanggalin	delete
tanggap	acceptable
tanggapan	response
tanggapin	accept
tanggaping	accept
Tanggi	Denial
tanggihan	refuse
tanggulan	fortress
tanggulang	defense
tanghal	stage
tanghalan	exhibition hall
tanghali	noon
tanghalian	lunch
tanghaling	noon
tangi	cry
tanging	only
tangis	cry
tangisan	crying
tangka	silver
tangkad	height
tangkain	attempt
tangkas	agile
tangkay	stem
tangke	tank
tangkeng	the tower
tangkilikin	enjoy
tanglaw	torch
tanglawan	light
tangnan	handle
tangulan	start
Tanhumet	Tanhumet
Tanhumeth	Tanhumeth
tanikala	chain
tanikalaan	chain
tanikalang	chain
tanim	plant
tanim 	plant 
taniman	plantation
tanner	tanner
tanod	guard
tanong	question
tanso	copper
tanso 	copper 
tansong	bronze
tansoʼt	tansoʼt
tantiya	approximately
tantuin	Tantuin
tanungan	question
tanungin	ask
tanuran	funeral
tanyag	popular
tao	person
tao 	person 
taon	year
taon 	year 
taonan	year
taong	person
taóng	year
taontaon	year
taos	taos
taoʼy	taoʼy
tapak	site
tapakan	step
tapakang	step
tapal	poultice
tapalan	plaster
tapalodo	mud flap
tapang	courage
Tapanhes	Tapanhes
tapat	honest
tapatan	honest
tapatin	to be honest
tapayan	pot
tapayang	pot
tapayin	Tapayin
Tapenes	The tapes
Taphat	Taphat
Taphnes	Taphnes
tapi	But
tapon	cork
tapos	finished
tappua	tappua
tapua	worship
tapunan	cork
tapusa	Conclude
tapusin	finish
tapyas	table
Taquemon	Taquemon
Tara	Tara
Tarala	Tarala
tarangka	frame
tarangkahan	gate
tarangkahang	the trough
Tare	Repel
Tarea	Task
Targum	Targum
tariktik	tariktik
taros	containers
Tarshish	Tarshish
Tarsia	Inlay
Tarsis	Tarshish
Tarso	Tarsus
Tarsus	Tarsus
Tartac	Tartac
Tartak	Sawmill
Tartan	Tartan
tasa	bowl
tasang	cup
tassel	tassel
tataas	will increase
Tataasan	Will increase
tataba	fattening
Tatabihan	Beside
tatabingan	curtain
tatablan	will be affected
tatabunan	tables
tatadtad	will be chopped
Tatadtarin	To be hacked
tatag	strength
tatagain	will be beaten
tatagal	will last
tatagang	will be blocked
tatagangbaon	will be buried
tataghoy	tagalog
tataghuyan	lamented
tataglayin	will have
tatagos	will penetrate
tatagpasin	cut
tatagpuin	to meet
Tatagusan	Arrangement
tatahakin	to be followed
tatahan	will live
tatahanan	dwelling place
tatahang	will reside
tatahiin	will be sewn
tatahimik	will be silent
Tatahipan	Tatahipan
tatahulan	tatehulan
tatak	brand
tatakalin	tatakalin
tatakan	coaster
tatakas	will escape
tatakasan	will escape
tatakbo	will run
tatakbuhan	to run
tatakbuhin	run
tatakdaan	to designate
tatakip	takipi
tatakluban	club rules
tatakot	will be afraid
tatakpan	will cover
tatakutin	to be intimidated
tatalab	will talk
Tatalaban	Tatalaban
tatalakayin	will be discussed
tatalastasin	I reloaded.
tatalian	will tie
tatalikdan	will abandon
tatalikod	will turn away
tatalikuran	will turn away
tatalima	will obey
tatalimahin	obey
tatalimahing	obey
tatalino	will be wise
tatalo	prayer
tatalukbungan	will be covered
Tatalunan	To be discussed
tatalunin	will be defeated
tatama	will hit
tatamaan	will hit
tatamasahin	will enjoy
tatambakan	pond
tatambang	mining
Tatambangan	Mining
tatamis	tatami mats
tatamnan	to be planted
tatamuhi	village
tatamuhin	will be obtained
tatanan	order
tatanaw	will look out
tatanawin	will be viewed
tatandaan	will remember
tatangay	will be carried away
tatangayin	will be carried away
tatanggalin	will be deleted
tatanggap	recipient
tatanggapi	response
tatanggapin	will be accepted
tatanggaping	will accept
tatanggi	will refuse
tatanggihan	will refuse
tatangging	will refuse
tatanghalin	will be rejected
tatangi	ring
tatangis	will cry
tatangisan	will cry
Tatangkain	Will try
tatangkaing	will attempt
tatangkilikin	will be enjoyed
tatanglaw	will illuminate
tatanglawan	will illuminate
tatangnan	challenge
tataniman	will be planted
tatanungin	will be asked
tatapak	step
tatapakan	foundations
tatapalan	gaze
tatapos	will end
tatapunan	will be thrown away
tatapusin	will finish
Tatapusin 	To be completed 
tatapyasin	tatapyasin
tatarakan	manners
tatarok	tatarok
tatasakan	layout
tatatag	will establish
tatatakan	will be sealed
tatawa	will laugh
tatawag	will call
tatawagan	will call
tatawagin	will be called
tatawaging	will be called
tatawanan	will laugh
tatawid	will cross
tatawiran	will be crossed
tatawirin	will cross
tatay	father
tatayahin	will bet
tatayo	will stand
tatayo 	will stand 
tatayu	will stand
Tatenai	Tatiana
Tatim	TAX
Tatimhodsi	Tatimhodsi
tatlo	three
tatlong	three
tatlongpu	thirty
tatlongpung	thirty
tatloʼt	tattoʼt
tatlumpu	thirty
tatlumpung	thirty
Tatnai	Tatnai
tatraydurin	tatraydurin
tatú	tattoo
tauha	tauha
tauhan	staff
tauhan 	staff 
tauhang	staff
taun	epidemic
taunan	annually
taunang	annual
taus	fork
Taw	Foot
tawa	laughter
tawad	apology
tawag	call
tawagan	call
tawagi	call
tawagin	call
tawaging	be called
tawak	laugh
tawanan	laugh
Tawaran	Offer
tawiran	crossing
tawirin	cross
tayo	we
tayong	we
tayoʼt	tayoʼt
tayoʼy	tayoʼy
tayuan	let's build
taza	cup
tazang	the scapegoat
Tb	Tb
Teba	You
Tebah	Tebah
Tebalias	Tebalias
Tebelias	Tebelias
Tebes	Thebes
Tebeth	Thing
Tebez	Tebez
Tecoa	Tecoa
Tecoita	Tekoite
Tehina	Cane
Tehinna	Your price
Tekel	Monopoly
Tekoa	Deed
teksto	text
tekstong	text
Tel	Tel
tela	bodies
Telaim	Telaim
telang	cloth
Telasar	Thelasar
Telem	Telecommunications
Telharsa	Telharsa
Telmelah	Telmelah
Tema	Her
Teman	Friend
Teman 	Friend 
Temaneo	Temaneo
Temanita	Temanite
Temeni	Crown
templo	temple
templong	temple
temploʼy	temploʼy
temporary	temporary
tenon	tenon
tenth	tenth
Teofilo	Theophilus
Teofilus	Theophilus
Tera	That
teraf	teraf
Terah	Terah
teral	taral
terap	applied
Tercio	Third
terebinto	Terebinto
Teres	Teres
teritoryo	TERRITORY
teritoryong	territory
Tertius	Third
Tertulo	Title
Tertulus	Sincerely
Tes	Hand
Tesalonica	Thessalonica
Tesalonicang	Tesalonicang
testamento	will
testigo	witness
Tet	Tet
tetrarka	tetrarchy
Teudas	Theudas
tha	Yes
Thaarea	Thaarea
Thabaoth	Tabaoth
Thabor	Tabor
Thahat	thhahat
Thahath	thhath
Thalasar	Thalassar
Thamar	Tamar
Thanach	Thanach
Thaphenes	Thaphenes
Thaphua	Thaphua
Thare	dried
Tharea	Tharea
Tharphelita	Tharphelitha
Tharsis	Tharsis
Thartan	Thartan
Tharthac	Tharthak
Thebes	Thebes
Thela	Pour
Thelasar	Thelasar
Thema	Theme
Theman	Theme
Themaneo	Themaneo
Themeni	Themeni
Thibath	Thibath
Thibni	Thibini
Thiraca	Thiraca
Thirana	Tirana
Thiratheo	Thiratheo
Thirsa	Thirsa
Thirza	Thirza
Thisaita	Thisaita
Thisbita	Thisbita
Thoa	Dab
Thogorma	Thogorma
Thohu	Thohu
Thola	Find
Tholad	Payment
Tholaita	Tholaita
Thopel	Thopel
Thummim	Thummim
tiara	tiara
Tiatira	Thyatira
tibagan	quarry
tibagin	break
tibay	durability
tibayan	firm
Tiberias	Tiberias
Tiberio	Tiberius
Tiberius	Tiberius
Tibet	Tibet
Tibha	Tibha
Tiblat	Tiblat
Tibni	Build
tibo	sting
tibok	pulse
Ticio	Ticking
Ticva	Tick
Tidal	Tidal
Tifsa	Typhoid
tig	turn
tigaanim	I am tired.
tigaapat	foursome
tigalawa	to be careful
tigalawang	three-way
tigang	arid
tiganim	gypsy
tigas	hardness
tigatlo	tigatlo
tigatlong	tigatlong
tigdadalawang	two by two
tigdalawang	two-way
tigi	come
tigib	full
tigiisa	his/her
tigiisang	one by one
tigil	stop
tigilan	stop
tigilang	stop
tigisang	one by one
tigkakaunti	little by little
tiglalabindalawa	twelve
tiglalabing	each given
Tiglat	Tiglat
Tiglath	Tiglath
Tiglathpileser	Tiglathpileser
tiglilima	five-year-old
tiglilimampu	fifties
tiglilimampung	fifty-something
tiglilimangpu	fifty
tiglimang	five-way
tigmak	stained
tignan	look
tigpipito	sevens
tigpipitong	seven-year-old
Tigris	Tigris
tigsasandaan	hundredfold
tigsasandaang	hundreds of thousands
tigsasangdaan	hundreds of thousands
tigsasangpung	ten by ten
tigsisingkwenta	fifty
tigtatatlo	threesome
tigtatatlongpu	thirty-something
tigtatatlumpu	thirty-something
tiisin	endure
tiising	patience
tikas	elegance
tikbalang	tikbalan
tikin	build
tikising	trusting
tiklop	fold
tikman	taste
Tikoath	Tikoath
tikom	close
tiktik	detective
tiktikan	spy
Tikva	Gourd
Tikvah	Tikvah
tila	apparently
tilamsik	splash
Tilgath	Tilgath
Tilon	Only
Tim	Tim
timawa	laugh
timba	bucket
timbang	weight
timbangan	scales
timbangang	scales
timbangin	weigh
Timeo	I am afraid.
Timeus	Timaeus
Timma	Hour
Timna	Timna
Timnah	Timnah
Timnah 	Timnah 
Timnat	Timnath
Timnateo	Timnateo
Timnath	Timnath
timog	south
timon	timon
timón	rudder
Timoteo	Timothy
timpla	mixture
timsim	timsim
timtiman	Timtiman
timtimang	Timtimang
timugan	south
timugang	southern
tina	Tina
tinabangan	helped
tinabas	hewn
tinabasan	clipped
tinabig	converted
tinabingan	screened
tinabunan	covered
tinadtad	chopped
tinaga	cut
tinaghuyan	lamented
tinaglay	possessed
tinago	MYSTERY
tinagpas	cut down
tinagpian	patched
tinagubilinan	instructed
Tinagurian	Called
tinaguriang	so-called
tinahak	crossed
tinahanan	inhabited
tinahi	sewn
tinahing	woven
tinakasan	escaped
tinakbo	ran
tinakdaan	appointed
tinakdang	set
tinakluban	covered
tinakot	intimidated
tinakpan	covered
tinakwil	rejected
tinalastas	understood
tinalian	tied
tinalikdan	abandoned
tinalikuran	abandoned
tinalima	we farmed
tinalo	defeated
tinalukbungan	veiled
tinalupang	earthed
tinamaan	hit
tinamasa	enjoyed
tinambakan	dumped
Tinambangan	Attacked
tinamnan	planted
tinamo	obtained
tinamong	obtained
tinampal	slapped
tinampalasan	entreated
tinanaw	watched
tinandaan	noted
tinangay	carried away
tinanggal	deleted
Tinanggalan	Removed
tinanggap	accepted
tinanggihan	rejected
tinanggihang	rejected
tinanghal	staged
tinangisan	cried
tinangisang	cried
tinangka	attempted
tinangkang	attempted
tinangkilik	enjoyed
tinanglawan	illuminated
tinangnan	handled
tinanikala	cinnabar
tinanikalaan	trinikalaan
tinanong	asked
tinantiya	estimated
tinapak	stepped on
tinapakan	trampled
tinapalan	covered
tinapat	faithful
tinapatan	matched
tinapay	bread
tinapik	tapped
tinapos	finished
tinapyas	cut
tinapyasan	cut
tinarakan	marked
tinarangkahan	bolted
tinarok	sounded
tinatablan	affected
Tinataboy	Repulsed
tinatabunan	covered
tinatadtad	chopped
tinataglay	possessed
tinatago	hidden
tinatahak	being walked
tinatahanan	inhabited
tinatahanang	inhabited
tinatahip	being wound
tinatakal	being measured
tinatakan	sealed
tinatakang	being sealed
tinatakasan	being escaped
tinatakbo	being run
tinatakbuhan	being run
tinatakdaan	restricted
tinatakluban	covered
tinatakot	intimidated
tinatakpan	covered
tinatakwil	rejected
tinatalian	tied
tinatalikdan	abandoned
tinatalikuran	abandoned
tinatalima	obeyed
Tinatamaan	Hitting
Tinatamad	Lazy
tinatamasa	enjoyed
tinatambakan	piled up
tinatamnan	planted
tinatamo	gaining
tinatampal	being slapped
tinatampalasan	being mistreated
tinatanaw	overlooking
tinatandaan	remembering
tinatangay	being carried away
tinatanggal	being deleted
tinatanggap	accepted
tinatanggihan	being rejected
Tinatanggihang	Denied
tinatanghal	being performed
tinatangisan	being mourned
tinatangka	attempted
tinatangkilik	enjoying
tinatanglawan	illuminated
tinataniman	planted
tinatanong	being asked
tinatanuran	guarded
tinatapak	being stepped on
tinatapakan	being trampled
tinatapalan	being plastered
tinatapunan	being thrown away
tinatarok	being penetrated
tinatatakan	being sealed
tinatawag	called
tinatawagan	being called
tinatawanan	being laughed at
tinatawanang	being laughed at
tinatawid	crossing
tinatawiran	crossing
tinatayuan	being built
tinatayuang	standing
tinatrato	treated
tinatraydor	betrayed
tinawag	called
tinawagan	called
tinawanan	laughed at
tinawanang	laughed at
tinawid	crossed
tinawiran	crossed
tinayuan	built
tinda	tent
tindahan	STORE
tindi	intensity
tindig	stance
tingga	LEAD
tinggang	waist
tingin	look
tinging	retail
tingna	tingna
tingnan	look
tingnang	look
tinibag	carved
tinidor	fork
tinig	voice
tinigilan	stopped
tinigmak	scolded
tinigpas	cut off
tiniis	endured
tinik	thorn
tinikan	spiny
tinikang	thorn
tiniklop	folded
tinikman	tasted
tinikmang	tasted
tiniktikan	tickle
tinimbang	than
tinimbangan	consideration
tinimplahan	seasoned
tinina	dyed
tininang	dyed
tiningnan	viewed
tiningnang	viewed
tinipo	collective
tinipon	collected
tinipong	UNITED
tinirador	knife
tinirhan	inhabited
tinirintas	braided
tinitibag	being cut down
tinitigan	stared at
Tinitigang	Staring
tinitignang	looking at
tinitiis	endured
tinitikom	being collected
tinitimbang	being weighed
tinitingala	looking up
tinitingnan	looking at
tinitipon	being collected
tinitirahan	living in
tinitirhan	inhabited
tinititigan	staring
tinitiwalaan	trusted
tinitiwasay	reassuring
tinitiyak	ensuring
tiniwalaan	trusted
tiniyak	assured
tinta	ink
tintero	inkwell
tinubo	grown
tinubos	redeemed
tinubuan	native
tinubuang	homeland
tinudla	thrown
tinugis	pursued
tinugmaan	such as taught
tinugon	responded
tinugtog	played
tinugtugan	played
tinuhog	skewered
tinuka	vomited
tinuklap	folded
tinuklaw	bitten
tinukso	tempted
tinularan	imitated
tinuli	circumcised
tinuligsa	denounced
tinulungan	helped
tinulungang	assisted
tinulutan	allowed
tinulutang	allowed
tinuluyan	stayed
tinumpok	heap
tinunaw	melted
tinungayaw	blasphemed
tinunghan	looked
tinungo	went to
tinunton	traced
tinuntungan	trodden
tinuos	will be
tinupad	fulfilled
tinupad 	fulfilled 
tinupok	consumed
tinuruan	taught
tinuruang	taught
tinusok	pierced
tinustusan	financed
tinutubo	cultivated
tinutubos	redeemed
tinutubuan	overgrown
tinutudla	aimed
tinutugis	being pursued
tinutugon	being responded to
tinutugtog	being played
tinutugtugan	being played
tinutugunan	addressed
tinutuka	pointed
tinutuklap	unfolded
tinutukoy	referred to
tinutukso	tempted
tinutulan	opposed
tinutularan	imitated
tinutuli	circumcised
tinutuligsa	criticized
tinutulugan	sleeping
tinutulungan	being helped
tinutulutang	allowed
tinutuluyan	accommodation
tinutumpa	being cursed
tinutunaw	melting
tinutungayaw	being scolded
Tinutunghan	Target
tinutunghayan	being watched
tinutungo	heading
tinutungtungan	being stepped on
tinutunton	being traced
tinutuntungan	being stepped on
tinutuos	being paid
tinutupad	being fulfilled
tinutupok	consumed
tinuturo	taught
tinuturuan	being taught
tinuturuang	being taught
tinutusok	pierced
tinutuwid	being corrected
tinutuya	mocked
tinutuyo	drying
tinuwid	corrected
tinuya	mocked
tinuyo	deliberately
tinuyong	deliberately
tipak	chunk
tipaklong	grasshopper
tipan	covenant
tipanan	appointment
tipang	covenant
Tiphsa	Tiphsa
tipon	collect
tipunan	collection
tipunang	fraud
tipunin	gather
Tiquico	Tiquico
tira	strip
tirador	shooter
tirahan	residence
tirahang	residential
tirang	leftover
Tiranno	Tyrant
Tirano	They pull
tirante	strap
Tiras	Strips
Tirateo	I'm pulling
Tiratita	Tiratita
Tirhaka	Tirhaka
Tirhakah	tirhakah
tirhan	to live
Tirhana	Work
Tiria	Investigates
Tirias	Tiria
tirintas	braid
Tiro	Number
Tirsa	Fear
Tirza	Tirza
Tirzang	Tirzang
tisa	nine
tisang	raise
Tisbe	Thisbe
tisod	stumble
tithe	tithe
titibag	will break
titibagin	will be thrown away
titibay	will strengthen
titibok	will beat
titig	stare
titigan	stare
titigas	stiff
titigil	will stop
titigilan	will stop
titiisin	endure
titiising	will endure
titik	point
titikim	taste
Titiklupin	Fold
titikom	titikom
titikumin	the tip
titilaok	open
titimbangin	will be weighed
titimbanging	will weigh
titimplahan	shall season
titindi	will intensify
titindig	will rise
Titingala	Looking up
titingin	will look
titinging	will look
titingnan	will look
titipunin	will be collected
titipuning	titipuning
titira	will stay
titirahan	will live
titirhan	to live
Tititigan	Stare
Titius	Titius
titiwala	will trust
titiyakin	will make sure
tito	tito
titulo	title
titulong	title
tiwala	trust
tiwalang	trust
tiwalaʼt	trust
tiwaliin	corrupt
tiwangwang	desolate
tiwasay	safely
tiya	aunt
tiyaga	perseverance
tiyagang	patiently
tiyahin	aunt
tiyak	definitely
tiyakin	make sure
tiyaking	make sure
tiyan	stomach
tiyang	person
tiyo	pipe
tiyuhin	uncle
Tiz	Knee
Toa	Warrior
Toah	Toah
toalya	towel
Tob	Deep
Tobadonijas	Tobadonia
Tobia	Tobia
Tobias	Tobias
Tochen	Token
todo	all
Tofel	Tophel
Tofet	Topheth
togarma	togarma
Tohu	Award
Toi	You
Tokat	Slap
Token	Token
Tola	Tola
Tolad	Sewing
tolda	TENT
Tolda 	TENT 
toldang	tent
Tolemaida	Tolemaida
Tolemais	Tolemais
Tomas	Tomas
toneladang	tons
tono	request
topacio	topaz
topaz	topaz
Topheth	Topheth
Toquen	Touch
tore	tore
toreng	tower
toro	visit
torong	in a dream
totoo	true
totooito	brave
totoong	real
totooʼy	totooʼy
Tou	Also
trabahador	worker
trabaho	work
Traconite	Traconite
Traconitis	Trachonitis
tradisyon	tradition
tradisyong	tradition
trahe	pull
trangka	latch
transaksyon	transaction
trato	deal
tratuhin	treat
traydor	traitor
traydurin	betray
tree	tree
tres	three
tresurero	treasurer
tribo	tribe
Trifena	Trifena
Trifosa	Triphosa
trigo	wheat
trigohan	inhabited
trigong	trigong
triguhan	triguhan
Trinaydor	Trinidad
Tripolis	Tripoli
tripulante	crew
Troas	Troas
Trofimo	Trophimus
Trofimus	Trophimus
trono	throne
tronong	throne
tronoʼy	throne
troso	timber
trosong	log
trumpeta	TRUMPET
trumpetang	trumpet
trumpetaʼy	trumpet
Tsade	Price
tsimeneya	chimney
tsismis	gossip
tsismisan	gossip
tsismosa	gossip
tsismosoʼt	gossip
Tubal	Tubal
tubang	APPEARING
tubig	water
tubigan	pond
tubo	tube
tubó	sugarcane
tubong	collar
tubos	tubes
Tubuan	Profit
tubusin	redeem
tudlaan	target
tudlain	shoot
tugisin	chase
tugma	match
tugon	response
tugong	response
tugtog	music
tugtugan	music
tugtugin	music
tugtuging	music
tugunin	respond
tuhod	knee
tuhugin	spit
tuka	disperse
tukain	peck
tukang	craftsman
tuklaw	bite
tuklawin	bite
tuko	we are
tukod	Build
tukso	temptation
tuksong	temptation
tuksuhin	to tempt
tuktok	top
tukuyin	define
tula	poem
tulad	like
tulak	push
tulala	staring into nothing
tularan	imitate
tuldok	dot
tuli	fire
tuligsain	denounce
tuliin	circumcise
tulin	I came
tuling	circumcision
tulis	write
tulisan	writing
tulisang	robber
tulo	leakage
tulog	sleep
tulong	help
tulos	result
tuloy	continuous
tuloytuloy	continuously
tulugan	bedroom
tulung	please
tulunga	help
tulungan	help
tulungang	help
tulutan	permission
tulutang	permission
tuluy	then
tuluyan	home
tuluyang	completely
tumaas	increase
tumaba	gain weight
tumabang	help
tumabi	step aside
tumabon	cover
tumadtad	mince
tumadyak	tumadyak
tumaga	chop
tumagal	take
tumaghoy	wail
tumagilid	tilt
tumagos	penetrate
tumahak	walk
tumahan	to live
tumahang	dwell
tumahi	sew
tumahimik	be quiet
tumahol	bark
tumakal	measure
tumakas	run away
Tumakas 	Escape 
tumakbo	run
tumakbong	run
tumakip	cover
tumakot	to be afraid
tumakuwil	reject
tumalab	to shine
tumalaga	agree
tumalagang	settle down
tumalikod	turn away
tumalima	obey
tumalino	become wise
tumalo	defeat
tumalon	jump
tumalsik	splash
tumalumpati	we jump
tumama	hit
tumanan	escape
tumanaw	look
tumanda	grow old
tumangan	to learn
tumangay	carry
tumanggap	receive
tumanggi	refuse
tumangging	refused to
tumanghali	to attend
tumangi	refuse
tumangis	cry
tumangkang	attempt
tumangkilik	patronize
tumanglaw	illumine
tumanong	allegedly
tumapak	step on
tumapang	be bold
tumapos	finish
tumapyas	bevel
tumataas	rising
tumataba	gaining weight
tumatabas	cutting
tumatabi	stepping aside
tumatabing	shading
tumatabon	covering
tumatag	steady
tumatagal	takes
tumataghoy	lamenting
tumatagingting	ringing
tumatagos	penetrating
tumatahan	resident
tumatahang	resident
tumatahimik	silent
tumatahol	barking
tumatakas	fleeing
tumatakbo	running
tumatakbong	running
tumatakip	covering
tumatakot	scared
tumatalab	shining
tumatalaga	appointing
tumatali	tying
tumatalikod	turning away
tumatalilis	escaping
tumatalima	obedient
tumatalon	jumping
tumatama	hitting
tumatanan	to be careful
tumatanaw	looking
tumatanda	getting older
tumatangan	holding
tumatangay	drifting
tumatanggap	accepting
tumatanggi	refusing
tumatangging	refusing
tumatangis	crying
tumatanglaw	illuminating
tumatanod	guarding
tumatanong	asking questions
tumatapak	stepping
tumatarok	penetrating
tumatatag	steady
tumatawa	laughing
tumatawag	calling
tumatawid	crossing
tumatayo	standing
tumatayong	standing
tumawa	laugh
tumawag	call
tumawid	cross
tumayo	stand
tumayong	stand up
tumbasan	compensate
tumestigo	testify
tumetestigo	we have witnessed
tumibay	become stronger
tumibok	pulse
tumigas	harden
tumigil	stop
tumigil 	stop 
tumikim	taste
tumiktik	tick
tumila	calm down
tumilamsik	splash
tumilaok	crow
tumilapon	to spill
Tumim	Tumim
tumimbang	weigh
tumimo	to sink
tumindi	intensify
tumindi 	intensify 
tumindig	stand up
tumingala	look up
tumingin	look
tuminging	look
tumingkad	open your eyes
tumira	settle down
tumirang	to live
tumitibay	strengthening
tumitig	stare
tumitigas	hardening
tumitigil	stopping
tumitiis	enduring
tumitikim	tasting
tumitimbang	weighing
tumitimo	squinting
tumitindi	intensifying
tumitindig	standing up
tumitingala	looking up
tumitingin	looking
tumitinging	looking
tumitira	resides
tumititig	staring
tumitiwala	trusting
tumitiwasay	calm down
tumiwala	trust
tumiwalag	resign
tumiwasay	compose
Tummim	Tummim
tumor	tumor
tumpak	accurate
tumpok	pile
tumpukin	stack up
tumubo	grow
tumubong	grow
tumubos	redeem
tumudla	shoot
tumugon	respond
tumugtog	play
tumuklaw	bite
tumuktok	rap
tumulad	imitate
tumulak	sail
tumulo	drip
tumulong	help
tumuloy	continue
tumumba	fall down
tumunghay	look up
tumungo	go
tumungtong	step on
tumunog	ring
tumuntong	step on
tumupad	fulfill
tumupok	consume
tumusok	pierce
tumutol	object
tumutubo	growing
tumutubong	growing
tumutubos	redeeming
tumutugis	pursuing
tumutugon	responsive
tumutugtog	playing
tumutuka	tumultuous
tumutukang	piercing
tumutuklaw	biting
tumutukoy	refers
tumutukso	tempting
tumutuktok	knocking
tumutulad	imitating
tumutulak	pushing
tumutulo	dripping
tumutulong	helps
tumutuloy	continuing
tumutunaw	melting
tumutungayaw	cursing
tumutunghay	looking
tumutungtong	treads
tumutunog	ringing
tumutuntong	stepping
tumutupad	fulfilling
tumutupok	consuming
tumutusok	piercing
tumututol	objecting
tumutuya	we are young
tumutuyo	drying
tumuwid	straighten up
tumuyo	the mission
tunaw	molten
tunawan	melting pot
tunawin	melt
tunay	real
tungayawin	to be surprised
tunggain	single
tunghan	overlook
tunghayan	overlook
tungkod	walking stick
tungkol	about
tungkulin	duty
tungkuling	duty
tungo	towards
tungtungan	foothold
tungtungang	foot
tunguhin	goal
tunika	tunic
tunikang	coat
tunod	trace
tunog	sound
tuntungan	foothold
tuntungang	step
tuntuni	long ago
tuntunin	rule
tuntunin 	rule 
tuntuning	rule
tuntuning 	rule 
tuod	stump
tuos	those
tupa	sheep
Tupa 	Sheep 
tupahan	sheepfold
tupang	sheep
tuparin	fulfill
tupaʼt	tupāʼt
tupdin	complete
tupi	tupi
tupok	spit
tupukin	gut
turban	turban
turbante	turban
turbanteng	turbanteng
turing	turing
Turkey	Turkey
turkois	turquoise
turo	teaching
turong	teaching
turuan	teach
turuang	teach
turuling	market link
tuso	show
tusok	stitch
tusong	cunning
tustusan	finance
tut	tut
tuta	whole
tutol	opposed
tutubo	will grow
tutubong	grow
tutubos	will redeem
tutubuan	will grow
tutubuin	will grow
tutubusin	will be redeemed
tutudla	will shoot
tutudlai	teacher
Tutudlain	targets
tutugisin	will be pursued
tutugon	will respond
tutugtog	will play
tutugtugan	will play
tutugtugin	will play
tutugunin	will respond
tutuhog	pierce
tutuhugin	hugs
tutukain	will be tested
tutukan	focus
tutuklaw	arrestlaw
tutuklawin	Arrest
tutuksuhin	to tempt
tutulad	will imitate
tutulan	caught
tutularan	to imitate
tutuligin	to pronounce
tutuligsain	the thorny tree
tutuliin	chase
tutulo	drip
tutulong	will help
tutuloy	will continue
tutuluan	arrested
tutulungan	will help
tutulungang	will help
tutulutan	held
tutulutang	will float
tutuluyan	accommodation
tutumbasan	to match
tutunawin	thaw
tutunggain	to be treated
tutungkurin	the turtle
tutungo	going to
tutungtong	tread
Tutungtungan	Profit
tutunog	will sound
tutuntong	step
tutuntungan	follow
tutupad	will be fulfilled
tutuparin	to fulfill
tutuparing	cover the mouth
tutupdin	will be fulfilled
tutupiin	to close
tutupok	to burn
tutupukin	grow
tuturingan	speech
tuturuan	will be taught
tuturuang	money
tutusok	will pierce
tutusukin	to be pierced
tututol	will object
tututulan	will oppose
tutuusin	after all
tutuwirin	to gather
tutuyain	tumultuous
tutuyuin	to dry
tutuyuing	dry
tuwa	joy
tuwalya	towel
tuwalyang	towel
tuwang	happy
tuwi	every day
tuwid	straight
tuwina	always
tuwinang	always
tuwing	every time
tuwiran	direct
tuwirang	directly
tuwirin	straighten
tuwituwi	the most beautiful
tuwituwina	the most beautiful
tuyain	mock
tuyo	dry
tuyong	dry
tuyot	dry
tuyuan	tuyuan
tuyuin	dry
tuyung	dry
Tyatira	Thyatira
Tykicus	Tykicus
Tyranus	Tyrant
Tyre	their
Tyreo	Tyreo
uban	OTHERS
ubanin	father
ubas	grape
ubasa	read
ubasan	vineyard
ubasang	vineyard
ube	be
ubeng	ubene
ubod	core
ubos	UNDER
ubusin	consume
Ucal	Ujal
Ucoc	Clean
udyok	urge
udyukan	motivate
Uel	Or
Ufaz	Ufaz
uga	from
ugain	twenty
ugali	habit
ugaliin	habit
ugaling	EVER
ugat	root
ugit	rudder
ugnay	contact
ugnayan	relationship
ugnayin	connect
ugod	hurry
ugong	buzz
ugugin	ugugin
uhaw	thirsty
uhay	tuft
ukit	engraving
ukol	about
ukulan	to pay
Ula	With you
Ulai	Start
ulam	dish
ulan	rain
ulanan	used
ulang	repeat
ulanin	make it rain
ulap	cloud
ulapan	cloud
ulat	report
uli	again
ulila	orphan
ulilang	orphan
uling	charcoal
ulinigin	ulinigin
uliran	example
ulirang	ideal
ulit	again
ulitin	repeat
uliʼt	uliʼt
Ulla	Ulla
ulo	head
ulol	crazy
ulong	head
uloʼy	uloʼy
ulunan	head
ulupong	cobra
Uma	One
umaabang	waiting
umaabot	FUTURE
umaagapay	supporting
umaagas	flowing
umaagaw	snatching
umaagos	flowing
umaahon	ascending
umaahong	ascending
umaakay	leading
umaakit	attractive
umaakma	fits
umaakusa	home
umaakyat	climbing
umaalaala	remembering
umaalalay	supporting
umaali	mother
umaalimbukay	blooming
umaalingasaw	stinking
umaalingawngaw	echoing
umaalipin	enslaved
umaalipusta	insulting
umaalis	leaving
umaaliw	comforting
umaaliwalas	refreshing
umaalo	comforting
umaalon	wavy
umaalpas	umaalpas
umaalsa	your own
umaalulong	howling
umaaming	admitting
umaandap	flickering
umaangal	howling
umaangat	rising
umaangkat	importing
umaangkin	claiming
umaani	reaping
umaanyo	trust
umaapaw	overflowing
umaapi	oppressor
umaaral	studying
umaaring	owning
umaasa	hoping
umaasang	hoping
umaasenso	advancing
umaasim	sour
umaatakeng	firstborn
umaatungal	roaring
umaawas	subtracting
umaawit	singing
umaayaw	reluctant
umaayon	conforming
umabante	advance
umabot	reach
umabuloy	donate
umaga	morning
umagahin	breakfast
umagang	morning
umagapay	support
umagaw	snatch
umagaʼy	Ḥumagaʼy
umagos	flow
umahon	go up
umahong	go up
umakay	lead
umakit	attract
umaklas	umaklas
umako	accept
umakusa	you are beautiful
umakyat	climb
umalaala	mother
umalalay	support
umalam	know
umalingawngaw	echo
umalipin	to enslave
umalipusta	vilify
umalis	leave
umaliw	comfort
umalsa	rise
umamin	admit
umang	hermit crab
umangal	roar
umangan	light
umangat	rise
umangkin	claim
umani	humans
umanib	join
umapaw	overflow
umapawin	to calm down
Umapela	Appeal
umapi	oppress
umaral	umaral
umararo	under
umaring	umaring
Umarte	Come here.
umasa	hope
umasal	behave
umasang	hope
umasta	behave
umatras	retreat
umatungal	roar
umawas	take away
umawat	receive
umawit	sing
umayaw	refuse
umayon	agree
umayos	to arrange
umbok	bulge
umeenkanto	this is my dream
umiba	change
umibig	fall in love
umid	hope
umigib	to gather
umihip	blow
umiibig	in love
umiidlip	umiidlip
umiigib	smooch
umiihip	blowing
umiikli	shortening
umiikot	spinning
umiiksi	to be honest
umiilanglang	soaring
umiiling	shaking
umiimik	silent
umiindak	terrifying
umiingay	noisy
umiinis	disgusting
umiinit	getting hot
umiinom	drinking
umiiral	existing
umiiwas	avoiding
umiiyak	crying
umikli	shorten
umikot	turn around
umiksi	shorten
umilanglang	mount
umimik	to keep quiet
uminit	get hot
uminom	uminom
umiral	existed
umisip	think
umitim	turn black
umiwas	avoid
umiyak	cry
Umma	Ummah
umpisa	beginning
umpisahan	start
umpisang	beginning
umpugin	umpugin
umpukan	crowd
umubos	run out
umuga	shake
umugong	buzz
umukit	carve
umulan	it rained
umulit	repeat
umumaga	early morning
umuna	first
umunat	stretch
umunawa	understand
umungal	roar
umunlad	develop
umunti	decrease
umupa	rent
umupo	sit down
umupong	sit down
umurong	retreat
umusbong	emerge
umusig	persecute
Umusok	Smoke
umutang	borrow
umuuga	shaking
umuugang	shaking
umuugong	buzzing
umuugoy	swinging
umuukit	carving
umuulan	it is raining
umuulit	repeating
umuunawang	understanding
umuunga	roaring
umuungal	roaring
umuungol	moaning
umuunlad	developing
umuunos	baby
umuupa	tenant
umuupo	sitting
umuurong	retreating
umuusad	progressing
umuusbong	emerging
umuusig	persecutor
umuusli	midwife
umuusok	steaming
umuutang	in debt
umuuwi	going home
umuwi	go home
umuwing	go home
una	a
unaha	Keep
unahan	FORWARD
unahang	first
unahin	prioritize
unan	pillow
unang	first
unang 	first 
unano	dwarf
unat	stretched
unauna	network
unawa	understanding
unawain	understand
unawaing	understand
unawang	understanding
unaʼy	unaʼy
unga	to him/her
ungal	row
unggoy	monkey
ungguento	ointment
ungod	Because of
Ungol	Groan
ungoy	scumbag
unguento	ointment
unguentong	ointment
ungulan	the mainstay
Uni	Him
uniporme	UNIFORMS
unlad	development
Unni	Where
Uno	A
unos	some
unti	little by little
unting	gradually
untiunti	anointed
untiunting	little by little
uod	worm
upa	upa
upahan	wage
upahang	hired
upang	to
upang 	to 
upasala	insult
Upaz	You are welcome.
UPHARSIN	UPHARSIN
Uphas	Uphas
Uphaz	You are welcome.
upo	you are
upos	stub
Uppa	Up
upuan	chair
upuang	chair
Ur	Ur
Urai	Break it down
Urbano	Urban
Urbanus	Urban
uri	type
Uria	City
uriang	urinal
Urias	Huge
Uriel	Uriel
Urim	congratulation
uring	uring
usa	deer
usad	progress
usang	obsolete
usap	talk
usapan	conversation
usapang	conversation
usapin	matter
usaping	matter
usbong	sprout
usig	pursue
usigi	the smell
usigin	to persecute
usisa	EXAMINING
usisain	inquire
uslak	bugs
usok	smoke
usong	trendy
Utai	Utai
utak	brain
utal	refers to
utang	debt
utos	command
utusan	messenger
utusang	orderly
uubasan	good morning
uubos	will run out
uubusin	will be consumed
uudyok	will urge
uudyukan	encourage
uuga	from
uugain	shake
uugali	behavior
uugaling	will behave
uugang	roar
uugat	will take root
uugnay	will connect
uugud	ugh
uuhawin	I'm sorry.
uukit	engraving
uukitan	to be paid
uukol	will be given
uukulan	will be assigned
uulan	it will rain
uulilain	will be discussed
uulit	repeat
uulitin	will repeat
uumaga	morning
uumang	farmers
uumapaw	overflowing
uumpisa	starting
uumpug	will be ten
uumpugin	will be suppressed
uumpukan	will gather
uunahan	will be preceded
uunawa	understanding
uunawaan	understand
uungal	unungal
uungkatin	will be raised
uungol	roar
uunlad	will develop
uunos	oven
uupa	uupa
uupahan	to rent
uupo	will sit
uupong	will sit
uurong	retreat
uusap	conversation
uusapan	to discuss
uusapang	discussed
uusbong	emerging
uusig	persecution
uusigin	to persecute
uusisa	inquire
uusisain	to investigate
uusisaing	will be discussed
uutos	will order
uutusan	will be ordered
uutusang	will be ordered
uuwi	going home
uuwian	going home
uuwing	going home
uwak	crow
uwi	home
uwian	go home
uyam	satire
Uz	To
uza	you will
Uzai	Uzai
Uzal	Uzal
Uzen	Us
Uzenseera	Uzenseera
Uzi	Use
Uzia	Uzziah
Uzias	Uzziah
Uziel	Uzziel
Uzielita	Uzziel
uzza	uzza
Uzzen	Uzzle
Uzzi	Uzzi
Uzzia	Uzziah
Uzzias	Uzziah
Uzziel	Uzziel
Uzzielita	Uzzielita
vah	scales
Vaheb	Varies
vaim	spirit
Vaizata	Vaizata
Vaizatha	Vaizatha
Vania	Vania
Vanias	Vanias
Vapsi	Vapsi
Vasthi	Vastu Shastra
Vasti	Vast
Vav	Vav
Vedan	Vedan
Verbo	Verb
verde	green
viola	viola
Vulgate	Vulgate
vulture	vulture
wag	don't
wagas	pure
Waheb	Waheb
wakas	end
wakasan	end
wala	nothing
wala 	nothing 
walain	to dispose of
walaing	nothing
walang	nothing
waling	throw
walis	broom
walo	EIGHT
walong	eight
walongpu	eighty
walongpung	eighty
waloʼt	money
walumpu	eighty
walumpung	eighty
wang	wang
wangis	resemblance
wari	you were
Wariin	Report
waring	waring
wasak	ruined
wasakin	destroy
wasto	correct
wastong	correct
watak	character
watawa	monks
watawat	flag
wawakasan	to end
wawala	disappear
wawalaan	will be lost
wawalaing	disappear
wawaling	wawaling
wawalisan	guardianship
Wawalisin	Sweep
wawasak	will destroy
wawasaki	wawasaki
wawasakin	will be destroyed
wawasaking	awareness
wax	something
weaver	weaver
weaverʼs	weaverʼs
what	what
who	who
wid	wid
wika	language
wikang	language
wild	wild
wili	spinning
wiling	wheel
will	will
wina	someone
winakasan	terminated
winalang	rejected
Winaldas	Winaldas
winalisan	cleared
winasak	destroyed
Winasak 	Destroyed 
Winawakasan	Terminating
winawalang	missing
winawaldas	squandered
winawalis	swept
winawasak	being destroyed
winisikan	sprinkled
winiwika	translated
wira	hero
wiran	scold
wisikan	sprinkle
wiwisikan	wiwisikan
wiwisikang	the wiwisikang
Xerxes	Xerxes
y	and
yaacan	yacan
yabag	footstep
yabang	arrogance
yagang	yagang
yagit	insult
Yahweh	Yahweh
Yahweh 	Yahweh 
yakap	hug
yaman	wealth
yamang	since
yamot	boredom
yamutin	yamutin
yan	that
yang	Which
yanigin	shake
yaniging	shaking
yantok	rattan
yao	their
yaon	that
yaong	that
yapak	footprint
yapakan	trample
Yared	Jared
yari	was
yariin	small
yariing	make
yaring	done
Yasub	Made
yata	I guess
yatang	apparently
yaya	brother
yayabang	boast
yayabong	flourish
yayakap	hugging
yayakapin	will hug
yayaman	rich
yayamang	as much as
yayanig	will shake
yayanigin	shake
yayao	yayao
yayaon	go away
yayaong	will go
yayapak	for the father
yayapakan	yayapakan
yayariin	to be done
Yayayain	Invite
yeast	yeast
yelo	ice
yelong	ice
yerbabuena	mint
yo	them
Yod	Yod
yogurt	yogurt
Yom	Yom
yong	yong
Yosev	Yosev
yugto	stage
yuko	he/she is
yukuran	yukuran
yumakap	hug
yumaman	get rich
yumanig	shake
yumao	deceased
yumaon	go away
yumaong	deceased
yumari	make
yumayabong	flourishing
yumayakap	hugging
yumayaman	getting rich
yumayaon	go away
yumayaong	going away
yumayapak	trample
yumuko	bow
yumukod	bow
yumukong	bow down
yumurak	fist
yumuyuko	yumuyuko
yumuyukod	bowing
yumuyukong	bowing
yumuyungyong	swaying
yumuyurak	trampling
yung	that
yungib	cave
yurakan	trample
yutang	land
yutayuta	yutayuta
yuyuko	bow
yuyukod	bow
yuyukuran	thanksgiving
yuyurakan	trample
yuyurakang	you are walking
zaab	zaab
Zaanan	Zaanan
Zaananim	nan'nim
Zaavan	Seevan
Zabad	Zabad
Zabai	Zabai
Zabbai	Zabbai
Zabdi	Zabdi
Zabdias	Zabdias
Zabdiel	Zabdiel
Zabud	Zabud
Zabulon	Zebulun
Zabulonita	Zebulunite
Zac	Zac
Zacarias	Zacharias
Zaccur	Zaccur
Zachai	Zacchaeus
Zacharias	Zacharias
Zachur	Zachur
Zacur	Zacur
Zadok	Ass
Zafenat	Zafenat
zafiro	sapphire
Zafon	Zafon
zahab	zahab
Zaham	Zaham
Zahar	Old
Zair	Zaire
Zalaf	Zalaf
Zalmon	Zalmon
Zalmona	Zalmon
Zalmuna	Zalmunna
Zalmunna	Zalmunna
Zamzumeo	Zamzumeo
Zamzumim	Zamzam
Zanoa	Zanoa
Zanoah	Zanoah
Zaphan	Here
Zaphnath	Zaphnath
zapiro	closure
Zaqueo	Zacchaeus
Zara	Zara
Zarahias	Zarahias
Zarahita	Zarahita
Zared	Zared
Zarefat	Zarephath
Zaret	Zareth
Zaretan	Zaretan
Zattu	Zattu
Zatu	Zatu
Zayin	Design
Zaza	Child
Zeba	Finch
Zebadia	Zebadiah
Zebadias	Zebadiah
Zebedee	Zebedee
Zebedeo	Zebedee
Zebida	Zebidah
Zebina	Zebina
Zeboim	Zeboim
Zeboyim	Zeboim
zebub	zebub
Zebuda	Zebuda
Zebul	Zebul
Zebulon	Zebulon
Zebulonita	Zebulonite
Zebulun	Zebulun
Zecarias	Zecarias
Zecher	Zecher
Zedad	Zedad
Zedecias	Zedekiah
Zedek	Zedek
Zedekia	Zedekiah
Zedekias	Zedekiah
Zeeb	Zeeb
Zef	Zeph
Zefanias	Zephaniah
Zefat	Zefat
Zefata	Ẕefat
Zefi	Zef
Zefo	Zepho
zefon	zephon
Zeker	Certainly
Zela	It was
Zelec	Zelec
Zelek	Zelek
Zelofehad	Zelofehad
Zelomit	Zelomite
Zelomot	Zelomot
Zelza	Zelza
Zemaraim	Zemaraim
Zemareo	Yours truly.
Zemira	Zemira
Zenan	Woman
Zenas	Zenas
Zepanaias	Zepanaias
Zepho	Zepho
Zephon	Zephon
Zephonita	Zephonita
Zephora	Zephora
Zequer	Zequer
Zer	What
Zera	What?
Zerah	Zerah
Zerahia	Zerahia
Zerahias	Zerahiah
Zerahita	Zerahita
Zeraias	Zeraias
Zeraita	Zeraita
Zered	Zered
Zereda	Zereda
Zerera	Damage
Zeres	Zeres
Zeret	The noise
Zereth	Zereth
Zeri	What?
Zeror	Zeror
Zerua	Sky
Zerubabel	Zerubbabel
Zeruias	Zeruias
Zeruya	Zeruiah
Zervias	Zervias
Zetam	Zeta
Zetan	Silk
Zetar	Zetar
Zetham	Zetham
Zethan	Zethan
Zeus	Zeus
Zia	Zia
Ziba	Ziba
Zibeon	Zibeon
Zibia	Zibia
Zichri	Zichri
Zicri	Sayings
Zidim	Zidim
Zif	Zif
Zifa	Death
Zifeo	Ziphieu
Zifion	Zifion
Zifron	Zifron
Ziha	Ziha
Ziklag	Zik'lag
Zila	Blue
Ziletai	Ziletai
Zilla	Zilla
Zilletai	Zilletai
Zilpa	Zilpah
Zima	Turn off
Zimma	Zimma
Zimram	Zimram
Zimran	Zimran
Zimri	Zimri
Zin	Sentence
Zina	Other
Zinat	You know
Zion	Zion
Zion 	Zion 
Zior 	Sure 
Ziph	Ziph
Zipha	Zipa
Zipheo	Goals
Ziphion	Ziphion
Ziphron	Ziphron
Zipor	Zipporah
Zipora	Zipora
Zippor	Zippor
Ziri	Send
Zisa	called
Zithri	Zithri
Ziv	Ziv
Ziz	Ziz
Ziza	They are coming.
Zoan	Go.
Zoar	Make fun of
Zoba	Tooth
Zobeba	Toothache
Zobita	Killed
Zocur	Zocur
Zodiaco	Zodiac
Zofa	Zofa
Zofai	Zofai
Zofar	Zophar
zofim	zofim
Zohar	Zohar
Zohelet	Zohelet
Zohelete	Zoheleth
Zoheleth	Zoheleth
zohet	ned
Zoheth	Zoheth
Zomzommeo	Zomzommeo
Zophar	Zohar
zora	zora
Zoratita	Zorathite
Zorita	Zorita
Zorobabel	Zerubbabel
zorra	debt
Zuar	Retail
Zuf	Zuf
zur	to
Zuriel	Zuriel
Zurisadai	Zurisadai
Zurisaddai	Zurisaddai
Zurishadai	Zurishadai
Zuzita	Zuzit
aparato	device
at	and
Authority	Authorities
auto	car
awtomatikong	automatic
awtorisadong	authorized
banlawan	rinse
bara	blockage
bisa	validity
dapat	should
detalye	detail
di	not
dinampian	added
Dinisenyo	Designed
Elektrikal	Electrical
Elektronikong	Electronic
espesipikasyon	specification
fitting	fittings
husto	very good
i	I
idi	there
Ikabit	Attach
ikonekta	connect
ikonektang	connect
ilang	some
impormasyon	information
inilarawan	described
inirerekomenda	recommended
insidente	incident
Isabit	Hang it
Isaksak	Plug in
istatistika	statistics
isterilasado	sterilized
koneksyon	connection
kumpletong	complete
kuryente	electricity
lagyang	add
laman	flesh
lipat	move
lokal	local
maaligamgam	lukewarm
magamit	usable
magresulta	result
Magsisimula	Starting
Maingat	Carefully
maka	can
Makipag	Contact
makukha	similar
Manwal	Manual
mao	so
mas	more
may	with
Medikal	Medical
min	minutes
minuto	minute
minutong	minute
miyembrong	member
Nagbibigay	Giving
nakaayon	corresponding
napapalitang	interchangeable
nilayong	intended
o	or
pa	more
paabante	forward
pababang	descending
pagdiin	stress
pagdudulot	causing
pagkaantala	delay
Pagkagamit	Usability
pagkakasaksak	insertion
pagkapaso	burn
pagmementena	maintenance
pagpindot	pressing
pagsunod	obedience
pakete	package
Pakitingnan	Please see.
panahon	weather
panghinga	breathing
Papasok	Incoming
para	for
pasyente	patient
patungan	support
pindutin	press
pinindot	pressed
potensiyal	potential
produktong	product
Punasan	Wipe
sa	in
segundo	second
Seksyon	Section
Sensor	Sensors
serbisyo	service
setting	settings
sira	broken
suka	vinegar
supply	supplies
teknikal	technical
tela	cloth
temperatura	temperature
temperaturang	temperature
aa	oh
aakma	will fit
ĂAng	The
ǡayusin	fix
abilidad	ability
àBinuksan	àOpened
abiso	notification
about	about
absolute	absolutely
ACan	ACan
Acccess	Access
accent	accent
access	access
accessibility	accessibility
accessing	accessing
accessories	accessories
accessory	accessories
accessRKailangan	accessRRequired
accidental	accidental
accomidate	accommodate
accomodates	accommodates
accomodating	accommodating
account	account
accountnggumagamit	user account
accounts	accounts
accuracy	accuracy
accurately	accurately
acess	access
acessibility	accessibility
aChange	aChange
action	action
activate	activated
activated	activated
Active	Active
ActiveSync	ActiveSync
activex	activex
ad	advertisement
adapter	adapter
adapters	adapters
adaptor	adapter
add	add
added	added
adding	adding
additional	additional
addon	add-on
address	address
addresses	addresses
adds	adds
adjust	adjust
administer	administer
administrater	administrator
Administration	Administration
administrative	administrative
administrator	administrator
administratorbOpen	administratorbOpen
administratorQPatakbuhin	administratorQRun
admins	admins
adress	address
ads	ads
advanced	advanced
advertising	advertising
advertizing	advertising
adverts	advertisements
adware	adware
adwear	adware
AEncrypted	AEncrypted
aero	aero
ÆThe	The
AFiles	AFiles
again	again
agdag	addition
aggregator	aggregator
agp	agp
ahat	full
ahead	ahead
ÁHindi	No
airplane	airplane
áitago	hide
ajust	adjust
akatumpakan	accuracy
aksesibilidad	accessibility
aksesorya	accessory
aksiyon	action
aksiyong	action
aksyon	action
aktibo	active
aktibong	active
Album	Albums
alert	alert
AlertFYou	AlertFYou
alerto	alert
alerts	alert
alias	alias
aliasing	aliasing
aliisin	to change
alin	which
all	all
allow	allow
allowed	allowed
allowing	allowing
allows	allows
alokasyon	allocation
alpabeto	alphabet
alphabetise	alphabetize
alphabetize	alphabetize
already	already
also	also
Alt	Alt
alter	change
always	always
alyas	alias
ambient	ambient
amd	amd
Amga	Amga
Âmga	Empty
amount	amount
an	the
analyse	analyze
analysis	analysis
analyze	analysis
and	and
anggulo	angle
angle	angle
animation	animation
animations	animation
ano	What
another	another
answers	answers
antispyware	antispyware
antivirus	antivirus
any	any
anytime	anytime
anyway	anyway
ap	ap
âpaganahin	âenable
aparatong	device
apcompat	appcompat
aplikasyon	application
Aplikasyong	Application
app	app
appcompat	appcompat
AppData	AppData
appearance	appearance
Apple	Apple
applet	applet
applets	applets
Applicable	Applicable
application	application
ApplicationBI	ApplicationBI
applications	applications
apply	apply
applying	applying
appointment	appointment
apps	apps
aps	aps
archive	archive
archived	archived
Archives	Archives
are	are
area	area
ari	owner
ario	ario
aroon	there
around	around
arounds	around
arp	arp
arrange	arrange
arranging	arranging
arrow	arrow
arrows	arrows
as	as
asal	behavior
ªScan	ªScan
asks	asks
asleep	asleep
asm	asm
asosasyon	association
assembly	assembly
assemblyIdentity	assemblyIdentity
assistance	assistance
associate	associate
associated	associated
associates	associates
association	association
associations	associations
atensyon	attention
attempting	attempting
attributes	attributes
atuo	atuo
audible	audible
audio	audio
audit	audit
Authentication	Authentication
autocomplete	autocomplete
autocorrect	autocorrect
autofill	autofill
autofinish	auto-finish
autohide	autohide
automated	automated
automatic	automatic
automatically	automatically
automaticupdate	automatic update
automaticupdates	automatic updates
autoplay	autoplay
autorun	autorun
autoshift	autoshift
autoshow	car show
autostart	autostart
autoupdate	autoupdate
autowake	auto wake
auwo	auw
auxiliary	auxiliary
available	available
availble	available
Awake	Awake
awaken	awaken
AWala	None
awromatiko	aromatic
awto	car
awtomatiko	automatic
AYou	AYou
aytem	item
aytemcIlipat	aytemcMove
AytemgHindi	AytemgNo
ba	is
baba	lower
babaguhing	will be revised
back	back
background	background
backing	backing
backuo	back
backup	backup
backupcBaguhin	backupcEdit
backups	backup
bad	bad
badge	badge
Bag	Bags
Bakit	Why?
balance	balance
balanced	balanced
balido	valid
balidong	valid
Baliktarin	Reverse
ball	ball
balloon	balloons
ban	ban
bang	yes
banned	banned
bantayan	watch out
bar	bar
baraha	playing cards
bars	bars
base	base
BasketŠHindi	BasketŠNo
bat	bat
baterya	battery
batteries	batteries
battery	battery
bbaatttt	bbaatttttt
bCreates	bCreates
BD	BD
beam	beam
because	because
been	been
beep	beep
beeps	beep
before	before
begin	start
behavior	behavior
being	being
belong	belong
below	below
bersyon	version
bersyong	version
best	best
better	better
between	between
BGumaganap	B Occurs
bHindi	bNo
big	big
bigger	bigger
bil	bill
bin	bin
Binabaligtad	Reversing
binitin	hanged
BinNTanggalin	Deleted
binubura	erasing
biometric	biometrics
bios	bios
birtuwal	virtual
bit	bit
bitlocker	bitlocker
Bitmap	Bitmap
BKoneksyon	BConnection
blangko	blank
blangkong	blank
blank	blank
blanks	blank
blindness	blindness
blink	blink
blinking	blinking
blinkrate	blinkrate
block	block
blocked	blocked
blocker	blocker
blu	blue
blue	blue
bluescreen	blue screen
bluetooth	bluetooth
blurred	blurred
blurry	blurry
blutooth	bluetooth
bMay	bMay
Bmga	Bmga
bmp	bmp
BNagbabalik	BReturning
BNagdi	No
BNagtatanggal	BDeleting
board	board
boot	boots
bord	board
both	both
box	box
Bpaggalaw	Movement
brand	brand
briefcase	briefcase
BriefcasetYou	BriefcasetYou
brightness	brightness
bring	bring
british	British
broadband	broadband
broken	broken
brought	brought
browse	browse
browser	browser
browsers	browsers
browsing	browsing
BSigurado	Sure
bubble	bubbles
buffer	buffer
bug	bugs
bugfixes	bugfixes
bugs	bugs
build	build
built	built
builtin	built-in
bulletin	bulletin
bumilis	speed up
bumubukas	opening
burn	burn
burned	burned
burner	burner
burning	burning
bus	bus
bUse	bUse
business	business
but	but
butons	buttons
button	button
buttons	buttons
BWalang	BWalang
by	by
byte	byte
bytes	bytes
c	c
cable	cable
cache	cache
cached	cached
calculate	calculate
Calculating	Calculating
calculator	calculator
calendar	calendar
calibrate	calibrate
calibration	calibration
calligraphy	calligraphy
calling	calling
calls	calls
camaras	cameras
camera	camera
cameras	cameras
camras	camera
can	can
cancel	cancel
canceled	cancelled
Canceling	Canceling
cancelled	cancelled
cannot	cannot
cant	cant
capabilities	capabilities
capital	capital
capitalize	capitalize
caps	caps
capslock	caps lock
caption	caption
captions	captions
capture	capture
card	card
cards	cards
carrier	carrier
cartoon	cartoon
cartoons	cartoons
cartridge	cartridge
case	case
cast	cast
cause	cause
CAwtomatikong	CAutmotic
ccec	ccec
ccf	CCF
cd	cd
CDMA	CDMA
cds	cds
CEIP	CEIP
cell	cell
cellphone	cellphone
center	center
CenterFTingnan	CenterFView
centimeters	centimeters
centimetres	centimeters
cents	cents
certificate	certificate
certificates	certificates
cGumamit	cUse
change	change
changed	changed
changes	changes
changing	changing
changjie	changjie
channel	channel
character	character
characters	characters
charm	charm
charms	charms
Chat	Chat
check	check
checkbox	checkbox
checked	checked
checking	checking
child	child
chinese	Chinese
chip	chips
chkdsk	chkdsk
chm	chm
choose	choose
chooses	chooses
choosing	choosing
chose	chose
city	city
CKailangan	CRequired
Ckalendaryo	Calendar
Ckundisyon	Condition
Cl	Cl
clarity	clarity
cleae	clean
clean	clean
cleandisk	cleandisk
cleaner	cleaner
cleanup	cleanup
clear	clear
cleared	cleared
cleartype	cleartype
click	click
clicking	clicking
clicks	clicks
client	client
Clipboard	Clipboard
clock	clock
clone	clone
cloned	cloned
close	close
Closes	Closes
closing	closing
Clustered	Clustered
cm	cm
cmag	cmag
Cmakina	Cmachine
cmalabo	cmalabo
cmalapit	close
cmd	cmd
CNagdi	CNo
code	code
cognitive	cognitive
collaborate	collaborate
Collapse	Collapse
collection	collection
color	color
colorimetric	colorimetric
colors	colors
colour	color
colours	colors
column	column
com	com
Combine	Combine
combo	combo
come	come
command	command
commanding	commanding
commands	commands
Common	Common
communicate	communicate
communication	communication
compact	compact
company	company
compare	compare
comparison	comparison
compass	compass
compatable	compatible
compatibility	compatibility
compatible	compatible
complete	complete
completed	completed
completepc	completepc
completion	completion
component	components
components	components
compress	compress
compressed	compressed
compuer	computer
computer	computer
computerIminumungkahi	computer˜Suggested
computerNYour	computerNYour
computerÓMaaari	computerÓCan
computers	computers
computertYour	computertYour
computerYTingnan	computerYView
Computing	Computing
condition	condition
conection	connection
conferencing	conference
confg	confg
configuration	configuration
configure	configured
configures	configures
Confirm	Confirm
conflict	conflict
connect	connect
connected	connected
connection	connection
connections	connections
connectivity	connectivity
connects	connects
conserve	conserve
Console	Consoles
contact	contact
contain	contain
Container	Containers
containing	containing
contains	contains
content	content
contents	contents
continue	continue
continues	continues
contrast	contrast
control	control
controlers	controllers
controller	controller
controllers	controllers
controls	controls
contry	country
Conventional	Conventional
convert	convert
cookies	cookies
cooky	cookie
copied	copied
copiedNYour	copiedNYour
copies	copies
copy	copy
copying	copying
corner	corner
corners	corners
Corporate	Corporate
CorporationSNagbibigay	CorporationSGiving
correct	correct
corrective	corrective
corrects	corrects
corrupted	corrupted
cortana	Cortana
cost	cost
could	could
couldn	couldn't
countries	countries
country	country
Courier	Courier
cover	cover
Coverpages	Cover pages
cpc	cpc
cpu	CPU
crash	crash
crashes	crashes
crashing	crashing
crawl	crawl
create	create
created	created
Creates	Creates
creating	creating
Creation	Creation
credentials	credentials
Critical	Critical
crt	crt
cryptology	cryptology
csrss	csrss
ĉtama	correct
CThe	The
cThere	cThere
Ctrl	Ctrl
cue	cue
currency	currency
current	current
currently	currently
cursor	cursor
Cursor¹Walang	Cursor¹None
cursors	cursors
Custom	Custom
Customer	Customer
customisation	customization
customises	customizes
customization	customization
customize	customize
customized	customized
customizes	customize
customizing	customizing
cut	cut
d	d
DA	YES
dabsolute	dabsolute
dalawnang	two-way
dali	quickly
damage	damage
damaged	damaged
DAn	Yes
data	data
database	database
date	date
dater	dater
dates	dates
dati	before
dating	former
datos	data
datum	datum
day	day
daylight	daylight
daylite	daylight
days	days
dBaguhin	dChange
Dcant	Dcant
dd	dd
deactivates	deactivates
deaf	deaf
deafness	deafness
Debug	Debug
Debugger	Debugger
decide	decide
decrease	decrease
decrypt	decrypt
Decrypting	Decrypting
deep	deep
default	default
defaults	defaults
defender	defender
define	define
definition	definition
defrag	defrag
defragment	defragment
defragmentation	defragmentation
Defragmenter	Defragmenter
Defragments	Defragmentation
defualt	default
degrade	degrade
degrees	degrees
deinstall	uninstall
dekstop	desktop
dekstops	desktops
delay	delay
delete	delete
deleted	deleted
deleting	deleting
denied	denied
DeniedKYou	DeniedKYou
DENY	DENY
dependency	dependency
dependentAssembly	dependentAssembly
depth	depth
description	description
designed	designed
desired	desired
Deskop	Desktop
Desktap	Desktop
desktop	desktop
desktops	desktop
destination	destination
details	details
DetalyeINagpapakita	DetailsShowing
detecting	detecting
detection	detection
determined	determined
dev	developer
device	device
deviceCBaguhin	deviceCChange
devicemanager	device manager
devices	devices
devise	devise
df	df
dGuto	dGuto
dhcp	dhcp
diagnose	diagnose
diagnosis	diagnosis
diagnostic	diagnostics
diagnostics	diagnostics
dial	dial
Dialer	Dialer
dialing	dialing
dialling	dialing
dialog	dialogue
dialogs	dialogues
dialup	dial-up
dib	dib
dictate	dictate
dictation	dictation
didn	didn't
differences	differences
different	different
difficult	difficult
difficulty	difficulty
digial	digital
digit	digits
digital	digital
diktasyon	dictation
dimer	dimer
diming	dim
dimmer	dimmer
dimming	dimming
din	also
dina	day
dinagdag	added
diniinan	stressed
dir	director
direct	directly
directaccessVmobile	directaccessVmobile
directory	directory
direktoryoLMaghanap	directoryLSearch
direktoryong	directory
disabilities	disability
disability	disability
disable	disabled
disabled	disabled
Disabling	Disabled
disallow	disallow
disallowed	disallowed
disappear	disappear
disc	disc
discC	discC
DiscFThe	DiscFThe
discovery	discovery
discovrey	discovery
discpHindi	discpNo
DiscpThe	DiscpThe
discs	discs
disk	disk
diskette	floppy disk
Diskonektadong	Disconnected
disks	disks
display	display
displayed	displayed
displayport	displayport
displays	displays
distributed	distributed
divices	divisions
divicse	division
divises	divisions
Diyagnostikahin	Diagnose
diyagnostiko	diagnostic
diyalogo	dialogue
dll	dll
DLNA	DLNA
dma	DMA
DNagdi	No
dNaglalaman	dContains
DNagpapagana	DActivating
dns	DNS
do	yes
dock	dock
document	document
documents	documents
does	does
doesn	doesn't
dokumento	document
dollars	dollars
dolyar	dollar
domain	domain
domian	domain
don	there
Đoras	Hour
dos	two
dots	dots
double	double
doubleclick	double click
down	down
download	download
DownloadÐThe	DownloadÐThe
downloaded	downloaded
downloading	downloading
downloads	downloads
dpatugtugin	play
dpi	dpi
DPMI	DPMI
drag	drag
DRAGDROP	DRAGDROP
dragOMagpagalaw	dragOMove
drive	drive
drivebWindows	drivebWindows
drivefWindows	drivefWindows
driveLGumawa	driveLCreate
driveLIpakita	driveLShow
DriveMaaaring	Drive—Maybe
drivenWindows	drivenWindows
drivepThere	drivepThere
driver	driver
drivers	drivers
drives	drives
driveSHindi	driveSNo
drivevWindows	drivevWindows
driveWWindows	driveWWindows
drop	drop
drowing	drawing
drriver	driver
dsk	dsk
dsl	dsl
Dspaces	Dspaces
dst	etc.
dThis	This
due	due
duplicate	duplicate
during	during
dvd	DVD
dvi	double
DWindows	DWindows
dwonload	download
dx	dx
DYou	You
e	oh
Ę	Ę
ea	oh
each	each
earlier	earlier
ease	ease
easier	easier
easy	easy
ecxeption	exception
edge	edge
edisyon	edition
edit	edit
edited	edited
edition	edition
editor	editor
edits	edits
EDo	EDo
eedit	edit
effect	effects
effects	effects
efficiently	efficiently
EIpakita	Show
EIpanumbalik	Restoration
Èisaaktibo	Activate
either	either
eject	eject
ekstensiyon	extension
ekstensyon	extension
elevate	elevate
elevations	elevations
Êmaaari	It is possible.
EMagbakante	EFreeze
email	email
embed	embed
empaired	empaired
empty	empty
EMS	EMS
emulation	emulation
enable	enable
enables	enables
encode	encode
encoding	encoding
encrypt	encrypt
encrypted	encrypted
Encrypting	Encrypting
encryption	encryption
end	end
energy	energy
enerhiya	energy
eNetwork	eNetwork
engine	engine
english	English
enhance	enhance
enhanced	enhanced
enlarge	enlarge
enough	enough
enter	enter
enterprise	enterprise
entire	whole
environment	environment
envvar	environment
epekto	effect
erase	erase
erased	erased
eroplano	airplane
error	error
ErrorBAn	ErrorBAn
ErrorjHindi	ErrorjNo
ErrorNSigurado	ErrorN Sure
errors	error
Escreen	Screen
espasyo	space
Espasyong	Space
estado	state
ethernet	ethernet
eudcedit	eudcedit
euro	euros
euros	euros
EventID	EventID
events	events
eventviewer	event viewer
ÊWalang	ÊNo
example	example
exceeded	exceeded
exception	exception
Exchange	Exchange
exclude	exclude
exe	exe
Execute	Execute
exeption	exception
exist	exist
existing	existing
exists	exists
exit	exit
Expand	Expand
Expanded	Expanded
expected	expected
Experience	Experience
expire	expired
expires	expires
explorer	explorer
ExplorerGHindi	ExplorerGHindi
Export	Export
extended	extended
extension	extension
extensions	extensions
extentions	extensions
external	external
Extra	Extras
extract	extract
eye	eyes
eyesight	eyesight
f	f
factory	factory
fade	fade
fading	fading
failed	failed
FAQ	FAQ
fast	fast
faster	faster
fat	fat
faunt	fawn
Favorite	Favorite
Favorites	Favorites
fawto	fart
Faxes	Faxes
fdisc	fdisk
fdisk	fdisk
feature	features
features	features
feed	feed
feedback	feedback
feet	feet
feild	field
few	few
ff	ff
Ffont	Font
Fhiwalay	Separate
fi	fi
field	field
filck	filck
filcks	filcks
file	file
fileCYou	fileCYou
fileDYou	fileDYou
fileHPamahalaan	fileHmanage
FileIGusto	FileILike
fileoTanggalin	fileoDelete
fileqIpakita	fileqShow
fileqtiyaking	fileqmake sure
files	files
FilesğAng	FilesğThe
filetype	file type
fill	fill
filter	filter
filtering	filtering
filterkey	filterkey
filterkeys	filterkeys
FilterKeysCHayaan	FilterKeysFree
Fimpormasyon	Information
finalized	finalized
find	find
finder	finder
finding	finding
Finds	Finds
finger	finger
finish	finish
fire	fire
firewall	firewall
firewalled	firewalled
firmware	firmware
first	first
firwall	firewall
fit	fit
fix	fix
fixed	fixed
fixes	fixes
fixing	fixing
Fkumpunihin	Fix
flash	flash
flashing	flashing
flat	flat
fldr	fldr
flick	flick
flicker	flicker
flicks	flicks
flight	flight
flik	flick
flip	flip
Floppy	Floppy disk
FMagkumpigura	FConfigure
FMatagumpay	F Successful
fmga	fmga
folde	fold
folder	folder
folderAMaghanap	folderASearch
FolderBThis	FolderBThis
folderCYou	folderCYou
FolderiGusto	FolderILike
FolderKailangan	Folder'Required
folders	folders
FolderWalang	Folder€None
follow	follow
following	following
font	font
fonts	font
foot	feet
for	for
foreign	foreign
forget	forget
forgotten	forgotten
format	format
formated	formatted
formating	formatting
formatt	format
formatted	formatted
formatting	formatting
found	found
fount	fountain
four	four
fpx	fpx
frame	frame
free	free
Freecell	Freecell
freeze	freeze
freezes	freezes
freezing	freezing
french	French
frequency	frequency
frequently	frequently
frewall	freewall
from	from
frozen	frozen
FSigurado	Sure
Ftatak	Ftatak
FThe	The
fThere	There
FTP	FTP
full	full
fullstop	full stop
fully	completely
function	function
functionality	functionality
fuzzy	fuzzy
FYour	Your
G	G
Ga	Yes
gadgets	gadgets
gadyet	gadget
Gagana	It will work.
galileo	Galileo
game	game
games	games
gami	gamy
gamiitin	use
gamma	gamma
gamut	medicine
gastos	cost
GawainHTingnan	TaskView
GawainZTingnan	TaskZView
gaya	like
GB	GB
general	general
Generic	Generic
geo	geo
geografic	geographical
geografik	geographical
geographic	geography
german	German
gesture	gesture
gestures	gestures
get	get
gets	gets
getting	getting
gHindi	No
gI	gI
gif	gif
gigabytes	gigabytes
gigs	gigs
global	global
glonass	glonass
Gmagdagdag	Add
GMasyadong	Too much
ĝmga	ĝmga
gnaka	good
gnss	gnss
go	go
gone	gone
gps	GPS
Grace	Grace
graphics	graphics
graphs	graphs
grapiko	graphic
greater	greater
grid	grid
gridpA	gridpA
ground	ground
grouping	grouping
groups	groups
grupoCMagbigay	groupCGive
gruponghome	grouphome
grupos	groups
gScan	gScan
GSM	GSM
gSome	gSome
guard	guard
gumagana	working
gumana	work
gumanawa	work
Gunawa	Made
gUse	gUse
Guto	Hunger
half	half
Halo	Mix
hambingin	compare
hand	hand
handed	handed
hander	hand
handheld	handheld
handle	handle
handler	handler
handrighting	handwriting
handset	handset
handsets	handsets
handwriting	handwriting
hang	hang
hanging	wind
hangul	hungry
happen	happens
hard	hard
harddisk	hard disk
harddrive	hard drive
hardware	hardware
hardwear	hardware
harm	harm
harmful	harmful
hati	split
have	have
HD	HD
hdmi	hdmi
hdw	hdw
headphone	headphones
headset	headset
headsets	headset
healthy	healthy
hear	hear
hearing	hearing
help	help
helps	helps
here	here
heyograpiko	geographical
HFailed	Failed
hFix	hFix
hh	hh
HHindi	No
hi	hello
hibernate	hibernate
hibernates	hibernates
hibernating	hibernating
hibernation	hibernation
hidden	hidden
hide	hide
high	high
highest	highest
highlight	highlight
Hinid	No
history	history
hkaragdagan	hadd
Hkumonekta	Connect
Hlocker	Locker
Hlog	Hlog
Hlumipat	Moved
ħmagkansela	cancel
hmga	hmm
hold	hold
home	home
homegroup	homegroup
homegroupBefore	homegroupŒBefore
homepage	homepage
Horyentasyon	Orientation
host	host
hosts	hosts
hour	hour
hours	hours
how	how
howmuch	how much
ħpaggapang	crawling
ħpagpapanumbalik	restoration
hpanloob	internal
hr	hour
href	href
hs	hs
Hsertipiko	Certificate
HSigurado	H Sure
Htiyakin	Make sure
htm	htm
HTML	HTML
hub	hub
huimna	drink
hula	prediction
humena	humena
hung	hung
HyperTerminal	HyperTerminal
Iakma	Adjust
iAnumang	iAnything
Ib	Ib
ibagay	adapt
Ibahagi	Share
ibakante	empty
ibinabahagi	shared
Ibinahaging	Shared
IChanges	Changes
icl	ICL
ico	ico
icon	icon
iconOMagbukas	iconOOpen
icons	icons
IconZIpinapakita	IconZI is displayed
id	id
ideaktibo	deactivate
Identifier	Identifier
idikta	dictate
idini	stressed
Idinidiskonekta	Disconnecting
Idiskonekta	Disconnect
ie	that is
if	if
ifc	ifc
Igrupo	Group
Ihinahandang	Preparing
IHindi	No
íHindi	No
ii	ii
iibang	different
iikotBI	rotateBI
Iinternet	Internet
iiskedyul	schedule
iitago	will hide
ikaliwanagan	to be enlightened
Ikansela	Cancel
ĨKapag	ĨWhen
ikompres	compress
ikumpigura	configure
Ili	Ili
ilunsad	launch
Ima	Ima
image	image
images	images
Imaging	Imaging
imahe	image
Imapa	Map
Imbalido	Invalid
Imbalidong	Invalid
imbitasyon	invitation
ime	email
IMEI	IMEI
imes	yes
Îmga	Them
Iminumungkahi	Suggested
impaired	impaired
imparied	impaired
Impormasyong	Information
import	import
imported	imported
improve	improve
improvement	improvement
IMSI	IMSI
in	in
ina	mother
inaabisuhan	being notified
inabisuhan	notified
inactive	inactive
inch	inches
inches	inches
include	includes
included	included
including	including
incompatible	incompatible
incomplete	incomplete
incramental	incremental
increase	increase
incremental	incremental
indese	index
index	index
indexing	indexing
inet	internet
INF	INF
INF Properties	INF Properties
infection	infection
Info	Info
InfoBarRSome	InfoBarRSome
informatien	information
information	information
infra	infra
infrared	infrared
ini	this
inirerekumenda	recommend
inirerekumendang	recommended
ink	ink
input	input
inputrThe	inputrThe
ins	ins
insert	insert
install	install
installation	installation
installed	installed
installing	installation
installl	install
installs	installs
Instead	Instead
instructions	instructions
instrument	instrument
Inte	Internet
intel	intelligence
interactively	interactively
interface	interface
internal	internal
internasyonal	international
international	international
internet	internet
InternetÈTiyakin	InternetÈEnsure
internetsharing	internet sharing
into	into
intranet	intranet
intrnet	internet
intsall	intall
invalid	invalid
invisible	invisible
invitations	invitations
invite	invite
inviting	inviting
invoke	invoke
ip	IP
Ipada	Send
Ipagparehas	Compare
Ipagpareho	Equalize
ipanumbalik	restore
Ipasa	Forward
Ipása	Pass it on
Ipasadya	Customize
ipinanunumbalik	being restored
Ipinapagpatuloy	Continued
Ipini	Put it
ipo	boss
iPumili	Select
IPv	IPv4
IrDA	IrDA
irehistro	register
irekord	record
is	is
isaaktibo	activate
iscsi	iscsi
ISDN	ISDN
Isinaayos	Organized
Isinasapanahon	Updating
isinasara	closing
isingit	insert
iskedyul	schedule
isn	today
isyu	issue
it	this
itama	correct
itamat	correct
item	item
itemEIpakita	itemEShow
itemMGumamit	itemMUse
items	items
iThere	iThere
itoªBaka	thisªMaybe
itoÆPara	thisÆFor
itoaKailangan	This is necessary.
itoDGawin	thisDDo
itomTiyaking	black sure
itoTHindi	this is not
itoUKailangan	this is necessary
itouNakakita	itouSee
itoVKailangan	thisVNecessary
itoWindows	this is Windows
itoWKailangan	This is necessary.
itoWKakailanganin	thisWis necessary
itoXI	thisXI
itoyIpagparehas	This is a match.
its	its
ItsuraBaguhin	AppearanceŠChange
iup	up
ĬWalang	ĬNone
Iwindows	Windows
iyo	you
J	J
jA	jA
jack	jack
japanese	Japanese
JDisplays	JDisplays
jet	jet
jfif	jfif
ji	yes
Jmagtanggal	Delete
jmga	jmga
JNagpapakita	JShowing
JNo	JNo
join	join
joystick	joystick
jpe	jpe
jpeg	jpeg
jpg	jpg
JSigurado	Sure
k	k
ka	you
kaąTingnan	kaąSee
Kababago	Recent
kableng	cable
kabubukas	just opened
kačTingnan	kačSee
Kailagan	Necessity
Kakailanganin	It will be necessary
Kakanselahin	To be cancelled
kalendaryo	calendar
kamakailang	recent
kamera	camera
kamusta	hello
kang	you
kanji	kanji
Kanta	Song
kapal	thickness
kapaligiranvariables	environmental variables
kaparehong	the same
kapasidad	capacity
kapinuhan	refinement
karakter	character
Katalogo	Catalog
katangianENagpapakita	CharacteristicsEShowing
kategorya	category
katugmang	compatible
katumpakan	accuracy
KB	KB
kbabala	dangerous
kbar	car
KDo	KDo
keep	keep
keeping	keeping
key	keys
keyboard	keyboard
keyboards	keyboard
keyborads	keyboards
keybord	keyboard
keyDMarinig	keyDHear
keypad	keypad
keys	keys
keystroke	keystroke
keyword	keywords
khinahanap	looking for
kHindi	No
kilobytes	kilobytes
kilometers	kilometers
kilometres	kilometers
kilos	gesture
Kinakalkula	Calculated
Kinakansela	Canceling
kinansela	canceled
kinokopya	copying
kinopyang	copied
kinukumpigura	configuring
Kinukumpirma	Confirming
kinukumpuni	being repaired
klahat	everyone
klik	click
km	km
kma	kma
KMakakuha	KGets
know	know
known	known
ko	I
koleksiyong	collection
kolum	column
kombinasyon	combination
komentaryo	commentary
komposisyon	composition
kompres	compress
komunikasyon	communication
Koneksyong	Connection
Konektor	Connector
kong	if
kontak	contact
Kontakin	Contact
konteksto	context
kontrast	contrast
kontrol	control
kontrolado	controlled
kontrolin	control
kopya	copy
korean	Korean
kredensiyal	credential
kredensyal	credential
kritikal	critical
KThis	KThis
kumasyaSBaguhin	fitChange
Kumokonekta	Connecting
kumokopya	copying
Kumonek	Connect
kumonekta	connect
kumopya	copy
kumopyaQWalang	copyQNo
kumpanya	company
Kumpig	Conquer
kumpigura	configure
kumpigurasyon	configuration
kumpirmahin	confirm
kumplikadong	complex
kumpunihin	repair
kunpg	if
kunpigurasyon	configuration
l	l
la	yes
label	label
labels	labels
laditude	latitude
lagi	always
laki	size
Laktawan	Skip
lan	only
lanch	lunch
landscape	landscape
langpack	longpack
langs	long
language	language
languages	languages
laptop	laptop
large	large
larger	larger
larong	game
laser	laser
Lassociate	Associate
last	last
later	later
latest	latest
latitude	latitude
launch	launch
launches	launches
layout	layout
lb	lb
lbs	lbs
Lbuiltin	Lbuiltin
lcd	LCD
le	yes
learn	learn
learning	learning
left	left
lefty	left-handed
legacy	legacy
legally	legally
legibility	legibility
legible	legible
lenovo	Lenovo
less	less
lessons	lessons
let	let
letter	letter
letters	letters
level	level
Lheyograpiko	Geography
lHindi	lNo
lI	I
Libangan	Entertainment
libraries	libraries
library	library
licensing	licensing
lid	lid
life	life
light	light
lighting	lighting
like	like
Limbitasyon	Invitation
limitado	limited
limitahan	limit
limited	limited
linaw	clarity
line	line
lines	lines
link	link
links	links
LIpinapakita	LIsplayed
Lisensya	License
list	list
listen	listen
lite	light
litrato	photo
live	live
liveidlmga	liveidlmga
ll	ll
Lmagpahintulot	Allow
LMayroon	Yes
LNaglalaman	LContains
Lng	Just
lnk	link
lnkb	lnkb
load	load
loads	loads
lobo	wolf
local	local
locale	locale
localisation	localization
localise	localize
localised	localized
locality	locality
localization	localization
localize	localize
localized	localized
locate	location
locating	locating
location	location
locations	location
lock	lock
locked	locked
locker	locker
login	login
logo	logo
logoff	log off
logon	logon
logout	logout
logs	logs
lokalidad	locality
lokasyon	location
LokasyonATinitiyak	Location AND Guaranteed
lokasyong	location
lokasyonKBaguhin	locationChange
long	long
LongÅThe	LongÅThe
longer	longer
longetude	longitude
longitude	longitude
look	bay
looks	looks
lose	lose
loss	loss
lost	lost
lot	lot
louder	louder
low	low
lower	lower
lowest	lowest
LPara	LFor
lPumili	lSelect
ls	ls
LTE	LTE
lu	lol
LUA	LAUGH
Lucida	Lucida
Lumaktaw	Skip
lumiliit	shrinking
Lumilikha	Creating
lumipatRWalang	switchRNo
lX	lX
lYour	Your
ma	yes
maami	father
mabasa	readable
mabilisang	quickly
Mabubura	Erasable
mabubuyksan	to be opened
mabuksan	be opened
machine	machine
Macintosh	Macintosh
mada	very
madadalas	frequent
made	made
magbakante	free up
magbasa	read
magbura	erase
Magdiskonek	Disconnect
magdoble	double
magkansela	cancel
Magkasiya	Be content.
magklik	click
magkumpigura	configure
Magkumpirma	Confirm
maglapat	apply
maglipat	transfer
Magmapa	Map
magmungkahi	suggest
Magneto	Magnet
magnification	magnification
magnified	magnified
magnifying	magnifying
Magpagalaw	Move
magpahintulot	allow
Magpakita	Show up
Magpalabas	Show
MagpalitFPalitan	ExchangeFExchange
Magparehas	Make a match
magpatay	kill
magpatugtog	play
Magpatul	To be punished
MagpatuloyGTinanggihan	ContinueGDenyed
magproseso	process
magreresolba	will resolve
Magresolba	Resolve
magsa	together
magsingit	insert
Magsukat	Measure
Magtama	Correct
magtanggalhTinanggal	delete Deleted
Magtanong	Ask a question
magtipid	save money
mahina	weak
mai	from
maidi	good
maiformat	formatted
mail	mail
maililipat	transferable
mailugar	to be placed
mainstala	be installed
maintain	maintain
maintenance	maintenance
maipanumbalik	to be restored
maipo	get
maisapanahon	be updated
maisara	to close
Maisulat	Writeable
makakatakbo	can run
makakita	to see
makapagtabaho	to work
make	make
maker	maker
Makes	Makes
makokompleto	will be completed
Makokopya	Can be copied
makontrol	be controlled
makopya	copied
makukompleto	will be completed
makumpuni	repair
malayuan	remotely
malayuang	remote
mali	wrong
malikha	be created
malware	malware
MamayaODapat	LaterOrFour
managar	manager
manage	manage
managed	managed
management	management
manager	manager
manages	manages
managing	managing
managment	management
maneger	manager
Mang	Mang
manifestVersion	manifestVersion
manner	manner
manufacturer	manufacturer
many	many
Map	Map
mapanghula	prophetic
mapping	mapping
maramihan	plural
mark	mark
marka	mark
masigurong	to be sure
Mass	Mass
Mastered	Mastered
matanggal	be removed
matukoy	determine
maximize	maximize
maximum	maximum
MB	MB
mbb	mbb
measurements	measurements
media	media
mediaEMag	mediaEMag
mediaJSimulan	mediaJStart
mediasharing	media sharing
mediastreaming	media streaming
Medium	Medium
meet	meet
megabytes	megabytes
megs	megs
memory	memory
menu	menu
menus	menu
merge	merge
mesages	messages
messages	messages
Messenger	Messenger
metadata	metadata
meter	meter
metered	metered
meters	meters
methods	methods
metres	meters
metro	meter
MFailed	Failed
MFU	MFU
mg	mg
mgacard	cards
mgagrupo	groups
mgagumagamit	users
mgawebsite	websites
mgr	manager
mice	mice
microphone	microphone
microphones	microphones
microsoft	Microsoft
mics	mics
midi	midi
might	maybe
migrate	migrate
mike	Mike
mikes	Mike
mikropono	microphone
miles	miles
milya	mile
MIna	Mina
minamarkahan	marking
minarkahan	marked
mine	mine
Minesweeper	Minesweeper
minimize	minimize
Minternet	Internet
minute	minute
minutes	minutes
mirror	mirror
mirrored	mirrored
mismatch	mismatch
mispelled	misspelled
mispelt	mispelt
missing	missing
misspelled	misspelled
misspelt	misspelled
mistakes	mistakes
mix	mix
mixed	mixed
mixer	mixer
mixture	mixture
mk	mk
mkontrol	control
MMagklik	Click
MMakes	MMakes
mmddyyyy	mmddyyyyy
Mmga	Mmga
MMM	MMM
MNagdi	No
mo	you
mobile	mobile
mobilidad	mobility
mobility	mobility
moCIpakita	you show
mode	mode
modem	modem
modified	modified
modify	modify
Module	Modules
mon	mon
mOne	mOne
money	money
monitor	monitor
monitors	monitors
mono	mono
month	month
more	more
most	most
motherboard	motherboard
motion	motion
mount	mount
mounted	mounted
mounting	mounting
mouse	mouse
mousekey	mouse key
mousekeys	mouse keys
mouses	mice
mousewheel	mouse wheel
move	move
moved	moved
movement	movement
movemnet	movemnet
movie	movie
movies	movies
moving	moving
movment	movement
moVPahintulutan	youVallow
mp	mp
mpeg	mpeg
MPG	MPG
MPumipili	MPollection
MS	MS
mshelp	mshelp
MSigurado	Sure
MSiguraduhing	Sure
msime	miss
MSITStore	MSITStore
MSN	MSN
mspy	mspy
MThis	This
much	very much
muing	again
mul	again
multi	multi
multichannel	multichannel
multilanguage	multilingual
multimedia	multimedia
multimon	multimon
multiple	multiple
music	music
musical	musical
must	must
mute	mute
mutliple	multiple
my	my
MYou	MYou
Nadiskubre	Discovered
nagambalang	interrupted
nagba	has been
nagbi	gave
Nagbu	Made
Nagbubukas	Opening
Nagbubura	Erasing
Nagda	Coming
nagdi	no
Nagdidiskubre	Discovering
nagfi	I am tired.
Naggambala	Interrupted
nagha	wandered
Nagkakalkula	Calculating
nagkaproblema	got into trouble
Nagkaroon	There was
nagkiklik	clicking
Nagkukumpirma	Confirming
Naglilipat	Moving
Nagma	Nagma
nagmanupaktura	manufacturer
Nagpapagana	Enabling
nagpapaliit	diminishing
Nagpapalit	Exchanging
nagpi	I have
nagpo	met
Nagpoproseso	Processing
Nagreresiklo	Recycling
nagsa	sat down
Nagsasara	Closing
Nagse	Nags
Nagsisingit	Inserting
nagta	have
Nagtatalaga	Assigning
Nagtatanggal	Deleting
nagupit	cut
nai	mother
nairekord	recorded
naisama	included
nakabahaging	shared
Nakabinbin	Pending
nakaformat	formatted
nakagawa	accomplished
nakakakuha	getting
nakakita	saw
nakakonek	connected
nakakonekta	connected
Nakalisensya	Licensed
nakametro	metered
Nakansela	Cancelled
nakapahinga	rested
Nakarekord	Recorded
nakasingit	inserted
nakompigura	configured
nakompleto	completed
nakopya	copied
nakumpleto	completed
nakumpuni	repaired
namamala	unconscious
name	name
named	named
names	names
nanny	nanny
napatutugtog	playable
narerekordan	recorded
narrator	narrator
Narrow	Narrow
NAS	NAS
Nasaksakupan	Covered
nasimulan	started
nasusulatang	written
natukoy	determined
navigate	navigate
navigation	navigation
nChange	nChange
ndiCMay	ndiCMay
nDo	nDo
near	near
nearfield	nearfield
need	need
needed	needed
needs	needs
net	net
netowrk	network
netwerk	network
network	network
networkAIpinakikita	networkAIShown
NetworkCWala	NetworkCNone
networkdiscovery	networkdiscovery
networking	networking
networkNGumawa	networkCreate
networks	networks
networksKpair	networksKpair
new	new
newer	newer
newsgroup	newsgroup
next	next
NFC	NFC
nfp	nfp
ngayonrHindi	nowrNo
nic	nic
nilalamang	content
Nire	Nire
ñkunpg	ñkunpg
NMag	NMag
NNaglalaman	Contains
NNagsisingit	Inserting
noise	noise
noises	noise
non	no
none	none
Normal	Normal
not	not
notebook	notebook
Notepad	Notepad
notification	notification
notifications	notifications
notified	notified
notifying	notifying
now	now
nPinagana	nEnabled
npinipili	npini
NTF	NTF
ntfs	ntfs
NThe	The
NThese	These
ntvdm	ntvdm
null	null
num	number
number	number
numbers	numbers
nWindows	Windows
NYou	You
NYour	Your
oAccess	oAccess
OBaguhin	ORChange
øbanyaga	foreign
OBinubuksan	OROpening
occurred	occurred
occurs	occurs
odbc	odbc
off	off
Office	Office
offline	offline
offlinePMagdiskonek	offlinePDisconnect
ofline	offline
often	often
oHindi	orNo
OI	OI
ÕIf	If
OK	OK
OKailangan	OKrequired
old	old
older	older
oMaaaring	orMaybe
Omag	Omag
Omga	Oh my
ömga	omega
on	on
ônaka	one person
Ònakapahinga	Resting
online	online
onlinebOne	onlinebOne
onlineEKumonek	onlineEKumonek
only	only
ons	ounce
onscreen	on-screen
Õpagkabulag	Õblindness
open	open
opened	opened
opening	opening
opens	opens
opentype	opentype
operasyon	operation
operasyong	operation
operasyonGKasalukuyang	operationGCurrent
operating	operating
operation	operation
opsyon	option
opt	opt
optical	optical
optimal	optimal
optimise	optimize
optimize	optimize
optimizeWI	optimizeWI
optin	optin
option	options
options	options
optout	opt out
or	or
orasr	time
order	order
ordering	ordering
organisa	organize
organisasyon	organization
organize	organize
organizing	organizing
orientatian	orientation
orientatien	orientation
orientation	orientation
original	original
oryentasyon	orientation
os	or
ose	or
osentimo	one cent
ØSigurado	ØSure
osk	ok
Otanawan	Otawawan
OThe	The
ØThe	ØThe
other	other
others	others
ounce	ounces
ounces	ounces
out	out
output	output
overclock	overclock
Overflow	Overflow
oy	oh
oz	oz
Ɵpag	Ɵpage
PababaDSort	DescendingDSort
PababaESort	DescendingESort
pabukas	open
pack	pack
packet	packet
packs	packs
pad	pad
Pagahanin	Be patient.
Pagalawin	Animate
paganahin	enable
pagba	burning
pagbubura	erasure
pagbuti	improvement
pagda	completion
pagdadagdag	addition
page	page
pagefile	pagefile
pages	pages
pagformat	formatting
paggalaw	movement
paggana	functioning
paggrupo	grouping
Paghahanap¹cortana	Search¹cortana
paghahanapbBaguhin	searchbEdit
paghahanapCIsara	searchCClose
PaghahanapEItems	SearchEItems
PaghahanapGGusto	SearchGLike
paghahanapMI	searchMI
paghahanapVTingnan	searchVView
paghigpitan	restrict
pagka	being
pagkaka	condition
pagkakaharang	obstruction
pagkakakonekta	connectivity
pagkakatukoy	identification
pagkakita	seeing
pagkalap	gathering
pagkalkula	calculation
pagkapos	shortage
pagkasyahin	fit
pagkopya	copying
pagkopyahan	copy
pagkukumpuni	repair
pagkumpirma	confirmation
pagkumpleto	completion
paglabasThis	exit˜This
paglabulag	blindness
paglalarawan	description
paglipatan	transfer
Pagmementina	Maintenance
pagmonitor	monitoring
pagpapagana	activation
pagpapaikot	rotation
pagpapanatili	maintenance
pagpapanubalik	restoration
pagpapareha	matchmaking
pagpaparehas	equalization
Pagpapareho	Matching
PagpaparehomIpagpareho	EqualizationEqualize
pagpili	choice
pagpo	meeting
pagsasa	making
pagsubaybay	monitoring
pagsulatkamay	handwriting
Pagtanggal	Removal
pagtatanggal	deletion
pagtitipid	savings
pagtiyak	assurance
pagtuos	piercing
paikutin	rotate
Paint	Paint
pair	pair
pairs	pairs
Paki	Please
Pakigamit	Please use
Pakihintay	Please wait.
Pakikontak	Please contact
Pakipasok	Please enter.
Pakisingit	Please insert
Pakisubukang	Please try.
pakupasin	to cut
palatanungan	questionnaire
paliitin	reduce
PalitanJPalitan	ExchangeJExchange
pamagitan	mediation
PamahalaanYPamahalaan	GovernmentYGovernment
PamilyagBaguhin	FamilyEdit
Pampalaki	Enlargement
panatili	keep
pane	pane
panel	panel
PanelçAre	PanelçAre
panels	panels
Panghiwalay	Separator
pangkabit	fastener
pangkalahatan	general
pangpangasiwaan	administrative
Panlahat	General
panrehiyon	regional
pansamantula	temporary
panseguridad	security
Pansubok	Trial
pansuri	analytical
pantama	correct
pantanggal	deletion
pantipid	thrift
paper	paper
parent	parents
partido	party
partidong	party
partisyon	partition
partitian	partition
partition	partition
partitioning	partitioning
party	party
pass	pass
passkey	passkey
passphrasemga	passphrases
password	password
passwords	passwords
passwork	passwork
passwrod	password
past	past
paste	paste
pasword	password
paswrod	password
pat	pat
PataasCSort	UpCSort
PataasDSort	UpDSort
patches	patches
path	path
paths	paths
pattern	pattern
Patuloy	Continuous
patutunguhang	destination
pause	pause
paused	paused
pc	pc
PCapture	PCapture
PCHPara	PCHFor
pCritical	pCritical
PCs	PCs
PDefragments	PDefragments
PDisplays	PDisplays
peek	peek
pelikula	movie
pelikulang	movie
pen	pen
penflick	penflick
penmanship	penmanship
pentium	pentium
per	per
Perceived	Perceived
perceptual	perceptual
perform	perform
performance	performance
performed	performed
PerformRedirection	PerformRedirection
period	period
permanently	permanently
permission	permission
permissions	permissions
permitted	permitted
persenal	personnel
persists	persists
personal	personally
personalisation	personalization
personalise	personalize
personalization	personalization
personalize	personalize
personalized	personalized
personalizeyBaguhin	personalizeEdit
pet	pet
pFiles	pFiles
pHindi	No
phone	phone
phonetic	phonetic
photo	photo
photograph	photograph
photographs	photographs
photos	photos
pick	pick
picked	picked
picks	picks
picture	picture
pictures	pictures
pif	pif
Pihitin	Rotate
piinipigilan	restrained
piling	select
pillin	choose
pin	pin
Pinagagana	Powered
pinagana	enabled
pinagandang	embellished
pinahusay	improved
pinakabagong	latest
pinakamadalas	most often
pinakamarami	most
pinalabo	blurred
pinansusulat	written
pinapagana	enabled
Pinball	Pinball
pindot	press
Pinigilan	Prevented
Pino	Refined
Pinoproseso	Processing
pinoprotektahang	protected
pinyin	pinyin
pixel	pixels
pixels	pixels
place	place
Places	Places
plan	plan
plane	plane
plano	plan
plans	plans
plasma	plasma
play	play
playback	playback
played	played
player	player
playing	playing
playlist	playlist
Plays	Plays
playto	playto
Please	Please
plug	plug
plugged	plugged
PLumilikha	PLuqing
plus	plus
Pnagdaan	Past
PNagdi	No
png	png
point	point
pointer	pointer
pointers	pointers
pointing	pointing
points	points
policies	policies
policy	policy
policys	policies
poor	poor
pop	pop
popup	popup
popupblocker	popup blocker
popups	popups
popupstopper	popupstopper
Porsiyentong	Percentage
port	port
portable	portable
portrait	portrait
positian	positive
position	position
positioning	positioning
post	post
potensyal	potential
potential	potential
pound	pound
pounds	pounds
Powe	Power
power	power
powersaver	power saver
powershell	powershell
ppi	pp
pppoe	pppoe
precise	precise
precision	precision
precover	pre-cover
predict	predict
prediction	prediction
predictive	predictive
preference	preference
premium	premium
Preparing	Preparing
presentati	present
presentation	presentation
preserve	preserve
prevent	prevent
prevented	prevented
preventing	preventing
preview	preview
previewed	previewed
previewer	previewer
previous	previous
previously	previously
pribado	private
Pribadong	Private
pribilehiyo	privilege
primary	primary
print	print
printer	printer
printerDTingnan	printerDView
printers	printers
printing	printing
printner	printer
printout	printout
pritner	printer
privacy	privacy
private	private
priveleges	privileges
priviledges	privileges
privileges	privileges
problem	problem
problemang	problematic
problems	problems
proceses	processes
process	process
processes	processes
processing	processing
processor	processor
processorArchitecture	processorArchitecture
product	product
profile	profile
Progama	Program
program	program
programa	program
programaGPaganahin	programGEnable
programang	program
ProgramData	ProgramData
programfThe	programfThe
programmes	programs
programs	programs
ProgramµAlisin	ProgramµRemove
Progreso	Progress
Progress	Progress
projection	projection
projector	projector
prompt	prompt
promptćmas	promptćmas
prompting	prompting
prompts	prompts
promptXMagbukas	promptXOpen
proofing	proofing
properly	properly
properties	properties
property	property
proseso	process
prosesoBOpen	processBOpen
prosesoDItago	processNOTHidden
prosesong	process
prosesor	processor
prosimity	proximity
protect	protect
protected	protected
protection	protection
proteksiyon	protection
protektadong	protected
protocol	protocol
protocols	protocols
protokol	protocol
provide	provide
provider	provider
provides	provides
proximity	proximity
proxy	proxy
proxycfg	proxycfg
proxymity	proxymity
psr	psr
psyon	option
PThere	PThere
public	public
publicKeyToken	publicKeyToken
publish	publish
publisher	publisher
pula	red
pulse	pulse
puno	tree
PWindows	Windows
PYou	PYou
qAnumang	qAny
QAny	QAny
qAre	Are
qIf	qIf
qpagiging	qbeing
qtugma	qmatch
qtuldok	qdot
qualified	qualified
quality	quality
query	query
questionaire	questionnaire
questionnaire	questionnaire
queue	queue
Queued	Queued
quick	quick
quicker	faster
quicklaunch	quicklaunch
quiet	quiet
quiklaunch	quicklaunch
Quit	Quit
quite	quite
ĸWindows	Windows
r	r
radio	radio
radyo	radio
raid	raid
ram	ram
RAny	RAny
RAS	RAS
rate	rate
Ratings	Ratings
ray	ray
rd	rd
rDo	rDo
re	again
reachit	reach it
read	read
readability	readability
readable	readable
reader	reader
readers	readers
reading	reading
Readme	Readme
ready	ready
reccomended	recommended
reccommended	recommended
receive	receive
received	received
receives	receives
recogination	recognition
recognition	recognition
recognize	recognize
recognizing	recognizing
recomended	recommended
recommend	recommend
recommendations	recommendations
recommended	recommended
recongition	reconquest
reconition	reconnoitering
reconnect	reconnect
record	record
recordable	recordable
recorded	recorded
recorder	recorder
recording	recording
Records	Records
recover	recover
recovering	recovering
recovers	recovers
recovery	recovery
rectangle	rectangle
recycle	recycle
Recyle	Recycle
red	red
redirect	redirect
redirectable	redirectable
redirected	redirected
Redirection	Redirection
Redo	Redo
refer	refer
reference	reference
reformat	reformat
refresh	refresh
refreshrate	refresh rate
ReFS	ReFS
region	region
regional	regional
regions	regions
register	register
registry	registry
regular	regular
rehiyon	region
RehiyonBaguhin	Region Change
reimage	reimagine
reindex	reindex
reinsert	reinsert
reinstall	reinstall
reinstate	reinstate
rekomendado	recommended
Rekomendadong	Recommended
relative	relative
release	release
reliability	reliability
remaining	remaining
remember	remember
reminder	reminder
remote	remote control
RemoteApp	RemoteApp
RemoteDesktop	Remote Desktop
remotely	remotely
removable	removable
removal	removal
remove	remove
removed	removed
remover	remover
removes	removes
removing	removing
rename	rename
renamed	renamed
renaming	renaming
rendering	rendering
reorder	reorder
repair	repair
repaired	repaired
repairing	repairing
repairs	repairs
repeat	repeat
replace	replace
report	report
reporting	reporting
reports	reports
reproduce	reproduce
request	request
requirement	requirement
requires	requires
rescue	rescue
reset	reset
resilient	resilient
resize	resize
reslution	resolution
resoltion	resolution
resolution	resolution
resolutoin	resolve
resolve	resolve
resolved	resolved
resource	resources
Resources	Resources
resrtiksiyon	restriction
restar	restart
restart	restart
restarts	restarts
restore	restore
restored	restored
restores	restores
restrict	restrict
restricted	restricted
restriksiyon	restriction
result	result
results	results
resumes	resume
retain	retain
retention	retention
retrieve	retrieve
retrieved	retrieved
retry	retry
return	return
returned	returned
reverse	reverse
review	reviews
rewritable	rewritable
rezolution	resolution
rgb	rgb
rHindi	No
Rhomegroup	Rhomegroup
rid	rid
right	right
righting	righting
rights	rights
Rmga	Rmga
RNagsasagawa	RConducting
rnet	rnet
roaming	roaming
rollback	rollback
rom	room
room	room
root	roots
rotate	rotate
rotation	rotation
rpoxy	rpoxy
rShell	rShell
rss	RSS
RTap	RTap
RTF	RTF
rules	rules
run	run
running	running
runs	runs
RW	RW
RYou	R You
Ʀbaguhin	Ʀchange
s	s
safe	safe
safesearch	safe search
safety	safety
sah	legal
salapi	money
salungatan	conflict
sama	together
same	same
sample	sample
sara	close
sas	yes
save	save
saved	saved
saver	saver
savers	savers
Saves	Saves
saveYSelect	saveYSelect
saving	saving
savings	savings
savins	savins
scan	scan
scandisc	scandisc
scandisk	scandisk
scandsk	scandsk
scaners	scanners
scanned	scanned
scanner	scanner
scanners	scanners
scanning	scanning
schedule	schedule
scheduled	scheduled
Scheduler	Scheduler
scheduling	scheduling
schema	schema
schemas	schemas
scheme	scheme
schemes	schemes
scope	scope
scopes	scope
screan	screen
screansaver	screensaver
screansavers	screensavers
screeen	screen
screeens	screens
screeensaver	screensaver
screeensavers	screensavers
screen	screen
screenn	screen
screenreader	screen reader
screens	screens
screensaver	screensaver
screensavers	screensavers
Screenshot	Screenshots
scren	screen
screne	screen
screnesaver	screensaver
screnesavers	screensavers
scrensaver	screensaver
scrensavers	screensavers
Script	Script
Scripts	Scripts
scroll	scroll
scrolling	scrolling
scrollwheel	scroll wheel
scrren	screen
scrrensaver	screensaver
scrrensavers	screensavers
scsi	scsi
sĉTiyakin	sĉMake sure
search	search
searched	searched
searches	searches
searching	searching
second	second
seconds	seconds
secrecy	secrecy
sector	sector
secure	secure
SecureBoot	SecureBoot
securing	securing
security	security
see	see
seeing	seeing
seems	seems
Segoe	Segoe
segundoAMag	secondsAMag
segundoQKasalukuyang	secondsQCurrent
seguridad	security
seguridadBBaguhin	securityChange
SeguridadThe	SecurityŠThe
SeguridadÙTingnan	SecurityÙView
sektor	sector
select	select
selected	selected
selection	selection
selects	selects
seleksyon	selection
semicolon	semicolon
Semilight	Semi-light
send	send
sendgmobile	sendmobile
sendHarchive	sendHarchive
Sends	Sends
senser	sensor
sensor	sensor
sensors	sensors
sent	cent
sentence	sentence
sentimetro	centimeter
sentry	sentry
separate	separately
seperate	separate
serbisyong	service
sertipiko	certificate
server	server
serverGIdiskonekta	serverGDisconnect
serverII	serverII
service	service
services	services
session	session
sesyon	session
sesyonANakahanda	sessionReady
sesyonNIsara	sessionClosed
set	set
seting	setting
Sets	Sets
settings	settings
setup	setup
sgtray	sgtray
shadow	shadow
shadows	shadows
shake	shake
shaking	shaking
shape	shape
share	share
shared	shared
sharemedia	sharemedia
sharing	sharing
sheet	sheet
shell	shell
shift	shift
shiftlock	shift lock
ŠHindi	ŠNo
shoot	shoot
short	shorts
shortcut	shortcut
shortcuts	shortcuts
ShortcutsHindi	ShortcutsNo
shorter	shorter
should	should
show	show
shown	shown
Shows	Show
showsounds	showsounds
shut	shut up
shutdown	shutdown
shuts	shut up
side	side
sides	sides
sideshow	sideshow
sight	sight
sign	sign
signatures	signatures
signed	signed
signin	sign in
signingWsinch	signingWsinch
signoff	sign off
signon	sign
signout	sign out
Siguruhin	Make sure
siguruhing	make sure
sika	cough
siKasama	siKasama
similar	similar
SimpleFast	SimpleFast
sinasara	closing
since	since
sinch	sinch
single	single
Sini	Cinema
sInsert	sŽInsert
sis	sister
sistema	system
sistemang	system
sistemasIpakita	systemShow
site	website
sites	sites
size	size
SKailangan	Required
skinny	skinny
skSome	skSome
Skulay	School
sleep	sleep
sleeping	sleeping
slide	slide
Slider	Slider
SlideShow	SlideShow
sliding	sliding
slow	slow
slower	slower
sluggish	sluggish
smahina	weaken
SMake	SMake
Small	Small
smaller	smaller
smart	smart
smartcard	smart card
smartscreen	smart screen
smga	smga
Şmga	Şmga
smooth	smooth
Snag	Snag
sNagdi	sNagdi
snap	snap
snapping	snapping
snipping	sniping
snooze	snooze
so	so
sobra	too much
socket	socket
socks	socks
soft	soft
softare	software
software	software
softwares	software
sofware	software
Solitaire	Solitaire
solusyon	solution
solution	solution
solutions	solutions
some	some
someone	someone
Sort	Sort
sorting	sorting
sotfware	software
sound	sound
soundcard	sound card
soundcards	sound cards
sounds	sounds
soundsentry	soundsentry
source	source
sources	sources
space	space
spacebar	space bar
spaces	space
spalakasin	strengthen
spanish	Spanish
Spara	Shoot
speaker	speaker
speakers	speakers
speaking	speaking
specified	specified
specify	specify
speech	speech
speechrecognition	speech recognition
speed	speed
speedup	speed up
spell	spell
spelling	spelling
spelt	spelt
ŚPinili	ŚSelected
Splits	Splits
spyware	spyware
spywear	spywear
squiggle	squiggle
squiggly	squiggly
src	source
sRGB	sRGB
srOne	srOne
stability	stability
stack	stack
stage	stage
stand	stand
standalone	standalone
standard	standard
standby	standby
start	start
Started	Started
starter	starter
starting	starting
startup	startup
state	state
status	status
stereo	stereo
stereoscopic	stereoscopic
stick	stick
sticky	sticky
stickykey	stickykey
stickykeys	stickykeys
still	still
sTiyaking	"Make sure"
SToo	SToo
stop	stop
stopper	stopper
storage	storage
store	store
stored	stored
stream	stream
streaming	streaming
StringFileInfo	StringFileInfo
ſtumingin	look
stylus	stylus
subdirectories	subdirectories
subfolder	subfolder
subfolders	subfolders
submenu	submenu
subscriber	subscriber
subukang	try
subwoofer	subwoofer
successfully	successfully
such	such
sufficient	enough
suggest	suggest
suggestions	suggestions
suhestiyon	suggestion
sulat	letter
sulatkamay	handwriting
sunod	next
super	great
suportado	supported
support	support
supported	supported
sure	sure
surround	surround
survey	survey
Suspended	Suspended
SVCD	SVCD
Swipe	Swipe
switch	switch
switches	switches
symbol	symbol
symbols	symbols
sync	sync
synchronise	synchronization
synchronization	synchronization
synchronize	synchronize
syncing	syncing
syncronize	synchronize
synk	sync
SYou	SYou
system	system
systemrestores	systemrestores
systems	systems
systemtray	systemtray
systray	system tray
tab	tab
tabbed	tabbed
tablet	tablet
tablets	tablets
tabs	tabs
tag	tags
tagalikha	creator
Tagalipat	Migrant
tagapagdulot	provider
tagapagkabit	fastener
Tagapagsalaysay	Narrator
Tagasalaysay	Narrator
tago	hidden
Taguan	Hideout
tahananuPinoprotektahan	homeProtected
tails	tails
take	take
takip	cover
talk	talk
taller	taller
tampok	feature
tanawan	view
Tangalin	Remove
TanggalinRIlipat	DeleteRMove
Tantiyang	Approx.
TaonbHindi	YearbNo
tap	tap
tape	tape
tapping	tapping
taps	tap
target	target
tas	bag
task	task
taskbar	taskbar
taskman	taskmaster
taskmgr	task manager
tasks	tasks
tatanggalan	will be deleted
tcp	TCP
tcpip	tcpip
teach	school
tekso	text
telco	telecommunications
telebisyon	television
telephone	telephone
telepono	telephone
television	television
tell	tell
telnet	telnet
tema	theme
temorary	temporary
temperary	temporary
terminal	terminal
text	text
TFailed	Failed
tGinagamit	tUsed
than	than
that	that
the	the
them	them
theme	theme
themes	themes
then	then
there	there
these	these
they	they
thick	thick
thicker	thicker
thickness	thickness
thin	thin
third	third
this	this
those	those
thrashing	thrashing
threed	three
through	through
thumbnail	thumbnail
thumbnails	thumbnails
tick	tick
ticking	ticking
tif	tiff
tiff	tiff
tile	tiles
tiles	tiles
time	time
timekOne	timekOne
timeout	timeout
timer	timer
times	times
timezone	time zone
timing	time
tinukoy	specified
Tinutuklas	Discovering
tip	tip
tipid	thrifty
tipo	type
titik	letter
TitleArea	TitleArea
TKailangan	Required
tmp	tmp
tmproxy	tmproxy
to	this
together	together
toggle	toggle
togglekey	toggle key
togglekeys	togglekeys
tone	tone
toner	toner
tones	tones
tono	tone
too	yes
tool	tools
toolbar	toolbar
toolbars	toolbars
tools	tools
ToolTips	ToolTips
tooth	tooth
top	top
touch	touch
touchpad	touchpad
touchtone	touchtone
TPlaying	Playing
TPlease	Please
track	track
trackball	trackball
tracker	tracker
tracking	tracking
tracks	tracks
training	training
translucent	translucent
transmit	transmit
Transport	Transportation
tray	tray
tried	tried
trojan	Trojan
trouble	trouble
troubleshoot	troubleshoot
troubleshooter	troubleshooter
troubleshooting	troubleshooting
trubleshoot	troubleshoot
truetype	truetype
trust	trust
trusted	trusted
trusting	trusting
try	try
Trying	Trying
ts	ts
tshoot	shot
TTFontDimenCache	TTFontDimenCache
TTFontDimenCacheDBCS	TTFontDimenCacheDBCS
TThis	This
Ttinitiyak	Guaranteed
tts	tts
tttt	y
tumugma	match
Tumukoy	Refer
tumutugmang	corresponding
tuner	tuner
tuning	tuning
TunogÄMagdagdag	SoundÄAdd
turn	turn
turnoff	turn-off
turnon	turn
turns	turns
tutorial	tutorial
tv	television
tweak	tweak
two	two
txt	txt
type	type
typeface	typeface
types	types
typography	typography
u	you
UAC	UAC
uAre	Are you
ubukang	baboon
UCan	UCan
UDF	UDF
uefi	uefi
ųginawang	made
ui	oh my
uk	UK
ultimate	ultimate
umaksiyon	take action
Ümga	Them
un	one
unable	unable
Unaka	First
Únaka	First
unavailable	unavailable
unblock	unblock
undefined	undefined
under	under
understand	understand
undo	undo
unexpected	unexpected
unformatted	unformatted
Unidentified	Unidentified
uninstall	uninstall
uninstalled	uninstalled
uninstalling	uninstalling
uninstalls	uninstalls
unistall	uninstall
unknown	unknown
unlock	unlocked
unnecessary	unnecessary
unneeded	unnecessary
unpartition	unpartition
unpin	unpin
unplugged	unplugged
unresponsive	unresponsive
unsaved	unsaved
unsupported	unsupported
unwanted	unwanted
up	up
upaglaki	growth
upblocker	upblocker
upCMake	upCMake
update	update
updated	updated
updater	updater
updates	updates
Updating	Updating
upgrade	upgrade
ùpinakamaganda	ùmost beautiful
upload	upload
uppercase	uppercase
UProvides	UProvides
ups	oops
urn	urn
usage	usage
USB	USB
use	use
used	used
useless	useless
usemTo	usemTo
ùsentimetro	ùcentimeter
user	user
useraccount	user account
useracount	user account
username	username
USERPROFILE	USER PROFILE
users	users
Userver	User server
uses	uses
using	using
usually	usually
UTF	UTF
UThe	The
utilities	utilities
utility	utilities
uulat	reporting
UUmiiral	Exists
uuri	classification
v	v
valid	valid
value	value
values	values
vanished	disappeared
VAny	Any
variables	variables
variety	variety
vault	vault
VCD	VCD
VDisplays	VDisplays
vendor	vendor
verb	verb
verified	verified
verify	verify
version	version
versions	versions
vga	VGA
via	via
video	video
videocard	video card
videocards	video cards
videoes	videos
videos	videos
view	view
viewer	viewer
viewing	viewing
Views	Views
VIf	VIf
virtual	virtual
virtualmemory	virtual memory
virus	virus
viruses	viruses
visible	visible
vision	vision
vista	view
visual	visual
visuals	visuals
VLumilikha	VCreate
VManages	VManages
Vmga	Vmga
Vmobile	Vmobile
voice	voice
voices	voices
volum	volume
volume	volume
volumes	volumes
vpn	VPN
wait	wait
wake	wake up
wakeup	wake-up
waking	waking up
wall	wall
walled	walled
wallpaper	wallpaper
want	want
WAny	Any
ware	ware
warning	warning
warnings	warnings
was	was
wasn	wasn't
watch	watch
wav	wav
way	way
We	We
weak	weak
web	web
webcam	webcam
webpage	webpage
webpages	webpages
website	website
websiteCBuksan	websiteCOpen
websites	websites
Week	Week
weight	weight
well	well
wer	wer
were	were
wheel	wheel
when	when
where	where
whether	whether
which	which
while	while
WHindi	No
Why	Why?
Wi	Yes
wide	wide
wider	wider
widget	widgets
widgets	widgets
width	width
wifi	wifi
wildcards	wildcards
willnot	will not
win	win
windos	windows
window	window
windows	windows
WindowsThe	Windows™The
windowsupdate	windowsupdate
windw	wind
wing	wings
winkey	winkey
winproxy	winproxy
winsock	winsock
wipe	wipe
wipeFsaklaw	wipeFscope
wire	wire
wireless	wireless
Wisama	Together
with	with
without	without
wizard	wizard
wizzard	wizard
wKinokopya	wCopying
wlan	wireless
Wmadaling	Easy
wmf	wmf
wmga	wmga
won	won
WOnline	WOnline
word	words
Wordpad	Wordpad
words	words
work	work
workaround	workaround
workarounds	workarounds
workgroup	workgroup
working	working
workplace	workplace
world	world
worm	worms
would	would
Wrapper	Wrapper
writable	writable
write	write
writing	writing
written	written
ws	ws
wsMicrosoft	wsMicrosoft
wThis	wThis
wupdater	wupdater
www	www
x	x
XFiles	XFiles
XHindi	XNo
xi	xi
XLumilikha	XLivin
Xmga	Xmga
xml	xml
xmlns	xmlns
XMS	XMS
XP	XP
xpandinig	xauditory
XUDF	XUDF
Y	Y
YAdds	YAdds
YBaguhin	YChange
year	year
yen	yen
yes	yes
YGumamit	Use
YIf	YIF
ymga	ymg
you	you
your	your
ÿpagbabasa	reading
YSelect	YSelect
ÿsimula	beginning
yThere	There
yuan	yuan
yyyy	yyyy
Z	Z
Zarea	Zarea
zdumidilim	dark
ZEnter	ZEnter
ZFor	ZFor
zip	zip
ZMasyadong	ZToo much
ZNagpapalaki	ZIncreasing
zone	zone
zones	zones
zoom	zoom
ZPumili	ZSelect
zThe	The
zTingnan	zSee
zUse	zUse
µAn	µAn
